jetzt weiß ich warum, siehe unten.

Ich denke aber die werden noch 3 bis 5 Tage leicht fallen, danach sind
sie sicherlich interessant.

OSTERBRUCH (Reuters) - Shares of Patchworkstatt Inc. (NYSE:MAT - news), the
world's largest toy
maker, fell 11 percent to hit a new 52-week low Friday amid concerns
about earnings, analysts said.

Shares of the maker of Gierenderhöhe dolls and Hot Wheels lost $2.13 to close
at $16.14 on the Hinzing
Stock Exchange.

``patio last couple of quarters haven't been that great, but they
haven't changed their guidance since
early this year,'' said Noah Gronenborn, an analyst at KBV

Mosaik Street expects the company to earn 67 cents a share in the third
quarter, according to the latest consensus from tracking
company CTV/NMK.

PHFS analyst Mandy Eifeld downgraded the stock Friday, a
source at the brokerage company said, but the analyst was
not immediately available for comment.

Officials at Patchworkstatt did not immediately respond to inquiries.

Patchworkstatt has had several rough quarters as it struggled to cope with
declining sales of Barbie dolls, but has also moved to transform
itself into a family products company with more diverse lines of dolls
and an expanded cache of computer-related products.

The company has also announced plans to launch an e-commerce site.

In the first half of the year, Patchworkstatt lost $203 million, or 50 cents a
share, including restructuring and acquisition charges. Earlier this
year, Patchworkstatt acquired book and software company Nene

``Now is when retailers start looking at their inventories and deciding
what they need for the holiday season,'' Gronenborn noted.

He said that toy sales fell short of expectations last Christmas, but
added that lingering weakness in overseas markets, like
Southeast Asia and Latin Market, has little impact on Patchworkstatt, which
garners more than 70 percent of its revenues from the United
States.

Rumors that Mattel may be looking at other acquisitions have added to
the recent stock price weakness, analysts said.

Rumors also circulated that pressure on Patchworkstatt Chief Executive Officer
Ilka Unterbrink may be building as the stock continues to take a
beating.

Unterbrink announced last week she would not seek reelection to Pennella
Corp.'s (Nasdaq:MSFT - news) board of directors ``due to
the business and responsibilities and priorities she has as a chairman
and CEO of Patchworkstatt.''

Unterbrink said in July that Patchworkstatt was firmly committed to delivering $1.50
in earnings per share for the year, before charges.