Buch Professional Roulette Prediction
Von dem Bestsellerauthor G. Thieves
Incl. Video-Trainings-Kesselgucken-DVD
Preis: 25.=97Euro
Lieferung gegen Rechnung, Zahlung inert 30 Tage nach Lieferung.
Bestellungen telefonisch bitte an
Tel. Deutschland 49576-2933554

The Book Professional Roulette Prediction
Author G.Thieves

The price of this book is euro 25
The delivery is carried out against invoice and you
30 should, days, pay inside after delivery.
The book has 460 sides and a DVD is enclosed
Training videos.
If you want to order the book, please give
after the peeptone your exact shipping address.

Professional Roulette Prediction
Author G.Thieves
This book presents Thieves=92s time-tested visual prediction
method in an easy-to-understand format and is the first step in
becoming serious about playing roulette for money. All aspects of the
game are covered, from commonly asked questions to determining your
edge to strategy implementation. Updated information on the single-
zero wheel and current casino conditions has also been added. You=92ll
learn how to scout for opportunities, estimate rotor speed, calculate
ball fall-off points, refine your betting strategies, calculate your
estimated edge, and much more. Biased wheels are rare, but they do
exist. This  report details how to find and exploit biased wheels. You
will learn how to distinguish truly random patterns from patterns that
indicate a true bias. Perfect for those who frequent casinos and are
willing to gather long-term data on a wheel. Newly updated with info
on single-zero wheels. The DVDs are 8 hours each, one explaining how
to spot crossover patterns and how to analyze marching patterns using
the wheel on the video as examples. It also contains a demonstration
of a 160-trial prediction session and hundreds of trials under
controlled conditions. The other contains nothing but hundreds of
trials under controlled conditions with various rotor speeds and wheel
tilts so that you can practice visual prediction techniques in the
privacy of your own home. Perfect for anyone who wants to truly master
the system and not wear out their welcome at the local casino.
Learning how to replace crossover pattern analysis with the Acoustic
Method of revolution prediction; Accurately estimating rotor speed to
predict ball fall-off points; Designing a Playing Model to determine
exactly under what conditions you will bet, how you will bet, and what
amount you will bet; A design schema and parts list for a one-of-a-
kind wheel-timing device.

 Professional Roulette Prediction Author G. Thieves