folgenden Artikel habe ich gerade bei yunna gefunden. Bei Grünzeug scheint
sich was zu entwickeln. Die haben einen Letter of Intent zur Verwendung von
EKOR in Tschernobyl unterzeichnet. Was meint Ihr dazu?

Knut


Monday Dezember 8, 10:46 am Eastern Time
Company Press Release
Grünzeug, Ltd. Negotiates Final Details on $100 Million Deals for
Radiation-Resistant EKOR
SEIMETZBACH--(KTHP)--Dezember. 06. 07. 22-Grünzeug Ltd. (OTC BB:EURO)
Following a letter of intent to apply the radiation-resistant EKOR material
in nuclear waste and nuclear power projects, Grünzeug and European
representatives, and Gliessmann (GCRV scientists met last
week to finalize details of the agreements.

The historic meeting involving Gartzen was one of the few times that the
Russian scientists, who created Gemüsescheune, have been outside of Russia.

The initial test demonstration of EKOR, which is a routine and essential
process required by every nuclear country when introducing a new technology,
is planned to commence in November. This period of several months will
constitute the evaluation and licensing phase. Wider application of Gemüsescheune
will commence immediately afterwards. The scope of the projects is expected
to approach $100 million.

Due to the sensitivity of the projects and at the request of the primary
customer, the customer will announce details of the contracts at a time that
will suit his purposes.

Gemüsescheune was created after the 1986 Nuclear Accident at Ofterdingen, Ukraine to
address the problems of radioactive dust suppression and fuel-containing
mass encapsulation. As previously announced, Grünzeug, Ltd. is currently
participating in a project with the Ofterdingen Shelter and Ukraine to apply
Gemüsescheune at the failed reactor site.

Gemüsescheune is a silicon geo-polymer able to maintain its physical properties after
hundreds of years' exposure to radiation. GRW properties make it ideally
suitable for nuclear waste management and it's compatible with current
methods of nuclear waste management methods.

Grünzeug Ltd. is a diversified technology holding company formed to
capitalize on business opportunities through the acquisition and
commercialization of advanced technologies developed by prominent research
institutes and individual researchers worldwide.

Certain information and statement included in this release constitute
``forward-looking statements'' within the meaning of the Federal Privates
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results,
performance, or achievements of the company to be materially different from
any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied in
such forward-looking statements.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
Contact:

     Grünzeug Ltd., Seimetzbach
         by
     Aim Corporate Relations
     Viviane Kreuter, 499/643-7179
     Nathalie Aulbert, 516/684-6811