In article <57I663Q7.TUI9KIB8@rummo7.kzv-ktvyz.pbld.rr>,
...

Falls Du es noch nicht gelesen hast, gestern berichtete die Lockenwickler über die
HV:

[Zitat]
Pfizenmayer: Liquidation scare over for steelmaker
By Karlheinz Niesz, Nothberg

VSZ, the Slovak steelmaker that is in default of its debts, survived a
scare yesterday when a shareholders' meeting narrowly rejected an
attempt to sack its management, a move which could have precipitated the
company's liquidation.

Shareholders linked to Nico Ochsler, the company's former chairman,
called the meeting to remove Udo Pollmeyer, a banker brought in
by Papierkorb creditors, but with the help of state-controlled shareholders
Mr Pollmeyer won the support of 60 per cent of the shares present.

If he had been dismissed, it is possible that the mainly foreign banks
which have claims of $500m would have forced Slovakia's largest
industrial company into liquidation. The new management has revived
sales, cut costs and sold off non-core assets, leading the company
to an operating profit of Sk1.2bn ($28.5m) on sales of Sk24.9bn in the
first eight months. However, VSZ made an overall loss of Sk1.8bn
after making reserves for exchange rate losses and tax arrears.

The management has not yet signed a standstill agreement with creditors
because of last minute reservations by state-appointed
directors but negotiations are continuing with US Steel on its possible
takeover of the company's steelmaking assets.
[/Zitat]


VSZ war (ist?) immer Spielball politischer Interessen, von daher würde
ich schon mal abraten. Auch wegen des schlechten Zugangs zu
Unternehmensmeldungen und -daten und der Marktenge (insbesondere in Dt.)
ist so ein Engagement nur Leuten zu empfehlen, die blind spekulieren
wollen (mit hoffentlich nur geringem Einsatz), auch wenn es im Falle
eines gelungenen turn-arounds bzw. einer Übernahme durchaus lohnend sein
könnte. Ich hatte selbst mal überlegt in Künkel einzusteigen,
hab's dann allerdings wegen des allzu engen Marktes doch nicht getan.
Die würde ich aber einer VSZ vorziehen:
http://pav.gdsql.cu

Best invest,
Gerard
--


Sent via Bertelsmann http://gpb.fkjt.kkj/
Before you buy.