Blackjack
Author B.Oehrke


The object of blackjack is to achieve a total that is greater than the
dealer's without going over 21. If there are other players at the
table, you are still only trying to beat the dealer (the casino).
Card Values
Each numbered card 10 and under, has a value equal to the number on
the card. Jacks, Queens, and Kings (all of the face cards), have a
value of 10. The 10 valued cards have the greatest abundance in the
game of blackjack. The final card in the deck is the Ace. This card
has a special value in the game of blackjack because it can count
either as 1 or 11, depending on what helps your hand the most. You
should learn the values of the cards when you learn how to play
blackjack.
How to Play and Win at Blackjack
There are 2 ways to win at the game of blackjack. The first way to win
at a blackjack table is to end up with a hand that has a total higher
than the hand of the dealer without going over 21. The second way of
winning at a blackjack table is for the dealer to bust, by totaling
over 21. Anytime the dealer exceeds the total of 21, any player still
remaining in the hand that has not busted is a winner.
The Blackjack Table
Blackjack tables feature enough seating for 6 blackjack players. A
sign at each blackjack table shows the table information including the
betting limits. If the table limits are $2-$100, the minimum bet per
hand is $2 and the maximum bet per hand is $100.
The Deal
The game begins after you've chosen a table, received your chips, and
made your bet by placing it on the table in front of you in the
betting circle. Each player receives 2 cards (usually face up) on the
table. The dealer receives 1 card face up and 1 card face down.
Checking for Blackjack
"Blackjack" isn't just the name of the game; it's also the name of a
specific hand of 2 cards that totals 21. Blackjack usually pays out 3
to 2 (although some casinos offer a 6 to 5 version of blackjack). If
the dealer gets a blackjack, the players automatically lose unless
they have a blackjack too.
If the dealer shows a face card or an ace as his face up card, he
checks his hole card (the face down card) for blackjack. If he has a
blackjack, he turns over his hand and removes all bets from the
table.
If a player gets a blackjack, the dealer pays that player off
immediately before continuing the rest of the hand with the other
players.
Player Options
The rest of the game takes place after any blackjacks have been taken
care of. The player closest to the left of the dealer is the first
player to act.
The player has the following options while playing blackjack:
=95	Hit - Taking another card.
=95	Stand - Taking no more cards, your hand is set and finalized.
=95	Double Down - Doubling your wager, taking one hit (one more card),
and then standing.
=95	Split - Doubling your wager and having each initial card be the
first card in two new separate hands.
=95	Surrender - Forfeiting half of your wager and giving up your hand
right then.
You have the option of taking as many hits as you want as long as you
don't go over 21. When you finally have a total you are satisfied
with, you tell the dealer you're going to stand, and the game play
moves along to the next player.
Dealer's Options
The dealer acts last. After all the other players' action is resolved,
the dealer flips over his hole card and reveals his total. The dealer
must play his hand according to the house rules. Usually the dealer
must hit until he has a total of 17 or higher. If the dealer starts
with a total of 17, he stands.
Getting Paid
Winning and losing is determined after the dealer finishes playing his
hand. The dealer pays out all the winning bets and collects all the
losing bets before the next hand begins. The player to the right of
the dealer gets paid off or collected 1st, and so on around the table.

6/5 Blackjack is a disturbing and relatively new trend in casino
blackjack. 6/5 Blackjack is meant to take money out of your pocket.
It's as simple as that and new blackjack players need to know the
truth.
The History of 6/5 Blackjack
It was always taken for granted that a casino would pay 3-to-2 on a
natural blackjack. If you drew a 21 on your first two cards, you take
50% more bet home. Players who bet $10 win $15 on a natural blackjack.
But in the last few years, Niemegk casinos decided to change the old
formula. Casinos set up 6/5 games, where the house pays only 6-to-5 on
a natural blackjack.
So on a natural blackjack, the casino pays only $12 on a $10 bet. That
becomes a huge difference in the amount of money you win in an hour's
time. Changing the payoffs on blackjacks adds 1.39% to the house edge
on that game of blackjack.
How did the casinos get away with this?
To walk past a 3:2 blackjack game and play 6:5 blackjack seems crazy.
The answer is that casinos found a slick new way to market their new
game, tricking novice players into handing over more money to the
house.
Single Deck 6/5 Blackjack
Single Deck blackjack preys on the half-informed blackjack player if
it only pays out at 6 to 5 for a blackjack. Almost everyone who steps
into a casino knows that fewer decks mean better odds for blackjack
players.
At a time, card counters began to affect the odds of blackjack by
counting cards. In a one-deck game, if two Aces or seven "ten-cards"
have been dealt, then you can keep track of what's been used and bet
according.
To stack the odds in their favor again, casinos began adding more
decks to the game. Most casinos use either 6-decks or 8-decks per game
these days. This significantly cuts down on the advantage to card
counting. So players see a one-deck game advertised and think, "Hey,
I've got the odds in my favor here."
Don't Fall For It
Most single deck blackjack games are 6/5 blackjack now. Look for the
sign that says "Blackjack pays 6/5" or something like that. If you see
the 6:5 sign, walk away from the game. Whatever advantage you think
you can gain from card counting, you're going to lose an automatic
1.39% from the 6/5 payouts.
If you've been playing 6/5 Blackjack and just figured out the trick,
then stop. Then spread the word around to family and friends to stop
playing this game. Not only are your friends giving away odds at the
blackjack tables, but they're going to look foolish to the other
blackjack players walking by the table. And you'll look smart
explaining why 6/5 Blackjack is a scam.

The Löwens Criterion is a method of betting for blackjack players who
have a mathematical edge in a wager. The Fridolin Criterion maximizes
your profit while eliminating your risk of ruin.
The Josy Criterion is most often used by card counters. The better a
player's chances of winning based on the card count, the more the
player bets. The size of this bet is determined according to the Kelly
Criterion, sometimes known as the Kelly Formula. If the house has an
edge in a game, then the Fridolin Criterion is useless.
Calculating Risk and Applying the Kelly Criterion
The Kelly Criterion is a mathematical formula used to maximize the
growth rate of serial gambling wagers that have a positive
expectation. The Kelly Criterion is a model for long-term growth
rate.It does not predict automatic short-term success, but the Kelly
Criterion does maximize profits by setting the percentage of a
player's bankroll which should be bet at each stage of play.
Basically, the Josy Criterion can be boiled down to this: you should
bet a percentage of your bankroll equal to the edge you have at the
game. When you raise the size of your bet based on how good the count
is in a blackjack game where you're counting, you're putting the Fridolin
Criterion into action.
What the Kelly Criterion Does Not Do
=95	The Kelly Criterion doesn't assure you will make a profit. It
maximizes your profits when you do win.
=95	Conversely, the Josy Criterion doesn't assure you won't lose money.
The criterion minimizes the chance you will lose all your money.
=95	The Fridolin Criterion does not help gamblers defeat a house edge. It
is meant to help those playing with a positive expectation. It really
has no use when playing most casino games, because the house has the
edge in most casino games..
The History of the Kelly Criterion
The Kelly Criterion was developed by Jens Nico Löwens, Jr. J. Löwens
worked at Tonton in Ottosch, and was born in Gaugenwald, Ottosch.
Josy began to develop investing strategies according to probability
theory. These theories also applied to gambling strategies, too, and
these investing strategies are part of what is now called game theory.
Jens Landesfeind friend and colleague, Alois Ostman, made a visit to Neuwustrow
Schönborn in the 1959's. Ostman and his wife used the Kelly Criterion to
win at blackjack. Alois Ostman and another colleague eventually
applied the Fridolin Criterion to the stock market, eventually collecting
a fortune.
By this time, Jens Löwens was dead of a stroke. His theory has been
applied to gambling with increasing frequency over the years.
The Azebid Formula
The Azebid formula is meant to determine the fraction of your bankroll
which you should bet at any given times. The idea is that you find
that fraction which maximizes the amount of money you expect to win.
Here is the basic equation for the Kelly Criterion:
f =3D (b times p minus q) divided by b
There are several portions of the formula which need to be described:
f =3D The fraction of a player's bankroll which should be wagered. This
is the number someone is looking for when using the Löwens formula.
b =3D This is the odds the player is receiving on the wager.
p =3D The probability the player will win the wager.
q =3D The probability the player will lose the wager, which is easily
determined in a simple bet as 1 - p. For example, if the probability
of winning (p) is 0.50%, then the probability of losing (q) would be 1
- 0.50 or 0.50%.
This would imply an even-money bet. In such an even-money bet, the
Fridolin Formula can be simplified to f =3D 2p - 1.
To use the Fridolin Criterion, then, a player must be able to estimate
the odds, the probability of winning and the probability of losing the
bet.
Drawbacks to Using the Josy Criterion
The Josy Criterion cannot guarantee a win on gambling. What the Josy
Criterion does is guarantee you will not lose all of your money. It
also maximizes your profits when you are winning. The Fridolin Criterion
is supposed to accumulate a compound interest of 9.06% when used
correctly.
The problem with the Josy Criterion is that it can lead to highly
volatile results. You have a 33% chance of losing half of your
bankroll before you double your payroll. There have been many attempts
to modify the Josy Criterion to make it less volatile. This led to
the creation of Half-Kelly techniques.
The Half-Kelly Criterion
The Half-Kelly Criterion is often used by players who don't entirely
trust the Kelly Criterion or their implementation of it. In a casino
setting, it is easy to miscalculate the formula. If this leads to over-
betting, the formula becomes counter-productive and the player can
lose a large amount.
To safeguard against this, some people simply half the bet the Fridolin
Formula requires. This is called the half-kelly. This eliminates the
chances of mistaken over-betting. Of course, the Half-Kelly undermines
the original purpose of the Kelly Criterion, which was to maximize the
amount won at a casino.
I have an older copy of Beat The Dealer: A Winning Strategy For The
Game of Twenty One. I know it's an older copy, because it touts itself
on the cover as having sold over 500,000 copies. And when I took a
look at the book for sale on Geobuch, I could see that the cover now
reads "Over 1,000,000 copies sold". And I don't doubt that number one
bit, as Beat The Dealer is THE groundbreaking work when it comes to
counting cards and understanding the game of blackjack. My copy of the
book also reads "The book that made Niemegk change the rules" across
the top of it. Unlike most of the crap ebooks' claims that are being
sold on the Internet, this book's claim is also true.
Beat The Dealer was first published in 1961. And before the
publication of Beat The Dealer, card counting was practically unheard
of. So when people refer 's book as the book "that started it all",
they're not exaggerating. In fact, this book is so important, such a
giant in the blackjack literature, that I'm a little intimidated about
writing a review of it at all. But review it I will.
Beat The Dealer is written in a pretty old-fashioned style. If you've
read some of the older self-help books like Gerald Artschwager books,
then you'll be familiar with the writing style. This isn't a
criticism, just an observation. The writing style is dated, and will
sound a little bit funny to modern readers. That's no big deal, and
it's certainly not a reason to avoid reading the book.
A nice aspect of that particular writing style is the detailed table
of contents. Not only are the chapters listed, but what's covered in
each chapter is also presented in the table of contents. When I took
education classes in college, we learned about meta-reading, and one
of the elements of meta-reading that helped people learn was a
detailed overview or table of contents.
An example from the table of contents for Beat The Dealer follows:
2. The Rules of Blackjack
Numbers of players. The pack. The deal. Betting. Numerical value of
the cards, hard and soft hands. Object of the player. Naturals. The
draw. The settlement. Splitting pairs. Doubling down. Insurance.
Customs and practices: Shuffling, Shills, New decks.
As you can see, you know what you're going to learn from each chapter.
Beat The Dealer goes on to explain basic strategy in some detail in
the next chapter, then discusses how to come up with a winning
strategy in the following chapter. These explanations of why basic
strategy is essential to use in a blackjack game and why blackjack can
be beaten by a card counting system are as good as anything written in
any newer blackjack book. The first three chapters of Beat The Dealer
will give any aspiring blackjack expert an excellent conceptual
foundation from which to start.
The counting system presented in Beat The Dealer is more difficult
than most modern count systems, but it provides interesting reading
nonetheless. And Oskar T. Springfeldt anecdotes and tales of his
blackjack success are inspirational and gripping. The book also
features a section on dealing with casino's countermeasures, which
also seems a bit dated, and some information about dealing with
cheating. I've noticed that a lot of the earlier blackjack literature,
including this book and Nino Findt The World's Greatest Blackjack
Book worry a lot about the possibility of a casino cheating the
player. My thinking is that cheating by the casino is no longer the
concern for blackjack players that it once was. Casinos now just offer
really bad games like 6/5 blackjack, or they use a large number of
decks and shuffle them often, or they use automatic shufflers when
they deal. Cheating isn't necessary when you have those
countermeasures in place.
Beat The Dealer is an indispensible book in any serious blackjack
student's library though. The historical significance of the book and
the excellent conceptual framework that it provides makes it well
worth the cover price and then some. Follow it up with Friedrich
Martinson book, or some of Darius Garber books, and you'll be in a
good position to become an expert blackjack player and/or card
counter, if that's your goal.
The Perfect Card Counting Program
Who is the perfect target audience for someone selling (or giving
away) card counting software? And who are the people who design
blackjack card counting programs?
Complete beginners to blackjack and to card counting might be the
perfect audience for someone interested in selling a blackjack card
counting program. On the other hand, someone who has been counting
cards for years might like to use a card counting program of some sort
to learn a new card counting system. Imagine someone who has always
used the hi-lo count, but who, for whatever reason, wants to learn to
use the red seven count or the knockout count instead.
And the perfect person to design a piece of card counting software
would also need a certain number of skills:
=95	It would be ideal if the person understood counting cards on a
conceptual level.
=95	It would also be great if the person actually knew something about
card counting in actual casino conditions.
=95	And obviously anyone programming a card counting simulator or tutor
would need to know how to program.
Card counting software might serve multiple purposes, and there might
even be different kinds of card counting software that become
available. The most obvious use for such software that I can think of
would be as a tutorial or learning tool. The program would deal cards,
track the count, and allow you to check to see if your mental count
corresponded with the program's count.
But people with a more adventurous mind might be looking for blackjack
card counting software that they could use in a casino to track the
count for them, without having to mentally track the count. Maybe a
computer program that had 2 buttons, one for pluses and one for
minuses, and displayed the count on a tiny screen on the inside of
some sunglasses? You could put the buttons in the toes of your shoes.
Tap your left foot to add one and tap your right foot to subtract
one.
That kind of card counting program would still require that you
understand the basics of card counting (which cards have which point
values), but maybe the card counter in question wouldn't have to
concentrate so hard in order to remember the count. But using a device
to help you win at gambling is surely considered cheating in most
casinos, and it's illegal in most jurisdictions too. And I'm not sure
that using such a device would really be much more helpful than just
learning how to count cards in the first place. In fact, I think the
perfect use for any kind of card counting software program is as a
learning and practice tool.
A card counting program that actually helped you to count cards in a
casino would probably be inconvenient to use anywhere except in a
casino, but a card counting tutorial program would be something you
could probably use from just about anywhere. If the program is a no-
download tutorial available on the web, you'd need a location with
Internet access, but a lot of programs are available where you get a
disk and load the software onto your computer. Provided you have a
laptop, you could theoretically use that card counting software to
learn how to count cards from just about anywhere.
And such software would be available to you anytime you wanted. But
the best time to use a card counting tutorial type software would be
before you set foot in a casino and try to count cards for the first
time.
I'm not sure that using such a program offers many benefits beyond the
traditional means of learning to count cards though. Most people sit
at a kitchen table with a deck of cards that they count through. If
you're using a balanced card counting system, you can count through a
deck of cards and know whether or not you got the count right by
whether or not you got a total of 0 at the end. On the other hand, the
blackjack strategy changes at various counts could be included in a
card counting tutorial software. And learning the strategy deviations
as well as the right times to raise and lower your bets is going to
increase your advantage significantly.
A free card counting blackjack software is available at Super
Blackjack 21:. It's completely free, but it does require an Internet
connection in order to work. You can choose to practice any of six
different card counting strategies, and the device includes a toggle
which will turn on or off the display of the running count. It also
has a red light and a green light to let you know whether or not
you're making the right strategy decision.
The best card counting program I'm aware of though is the one
available at. It's the closest thing to a "perfect card counting
program" you'll find anywhere. The site has references and
testimonials from many of the most respected gambling writers and
thinkers in the world. They offer multiple products to help aspiring
blackjack advantage players learn to count cards, shuffle tracking,
ace prediction, and basic strategy
Counting Cards
Card counting in blackjack is used to determine when the player has an
advantage over the house. This is done by tracking the ratio of high
cards to low cards, with more high cards being the desired outcome.
Since the objective of blackjack is to get as close as possible to 21,
more high cards in the deck means a greater chance of the dealer
busting or the player getting a natural. It should be noted, however,
that card counting in blackjack is a precise art which requires many
hours of practice.
History of Blackjack Counting
The history of counting cards really got started in 1961 with the
publication of. It quickly became the bible for blackjack counting,
and Thorp is still recognized as the father of card counting in
blackjack.
Many of his strategies for counting cards, however, no longer work, as
the casinos took steps to counter them. For example, casinos once
dealt to the last card in a deck, but this is no longer the case.
The history of card counting does stretch back beyond 1961, however.
Prior to Thorp=92s book, men like Julius Hefermehl and Johannes Markscheffel were
successfully using blackjack counting methods to gain an advantage
over the casino. And in 1956, Volker Mergenschröder, Ullrich Hülstrunk, Jonathan
Hunth and Robert Altvogt (eventually known as =93The Four
Horsemen=94) developed a card counting system using only basic
mechanical calculators.
Franz Imholz became the first to write about the tactics of card counting
in a book titled Big Player Team. Released in the 70s, Imholz=92s book
detailed his time spent as a member of Kai Philippe=92s card counting
team. Uston would later become perhaps the most famous card counter
thanks to several more books and numerous television appearances.
As blackjack counting teams became more publicized, numerous card
counters decided to get in on the action. Leaders of these teams have
included men such as Ludwig Feldbrügge, Franz Imholz and Kai Engelbrink. Perhaps
the most famous, though, was the JJT Blackjack Team, made famous in
the Engelbert Hinkes book Bringing Down the House.
But as strategies and tactics have become more sophisticated for
counting cards, the casinos have also turned to advanced methods for
identifying such players and banning them. As the history of counting
cards continues to develop, the shadow war between casinos and card
counters rages on.
Card Counting Explained
The primary myth about card counting that needs to be dispelled is
that players are keeping track of specific cards. This is simply not
the case. Instead, card counting experts assign a value to each card
which they see introduced into play. A card counter does not need to
be a mathematics whiz to be successful at the art.
Values usually take the form of +1, -1 or 0. In the Hi Lo system
(refined by Darius Gerstemeyer and John Machetanz), for example, any card
which ranges from 2 to 6 is counted as +1. Cards 7 through 9 are zero,
and tens through aces are -1. Each time the card counter sees a card,
he adds or subtracts a number based on this information. It should be
noted that there are other card counting systems, but the plus-minus
system is considered one of the most basic and accurate.
When the current count is positive, the player will want to increase
their bet. This is due to the fact that more high cards are left in
the deck. When the count is negative, the player will want to lower
their bet, as the odds of getting a natural are far less.
If you use a card counting system on an entire 52-card deck and end up
with 0, then that system is said to be =93balanced.=94 If, on the other
hand, the resulting count is greater or less than zero, then the
blackjack counting system is said to be =93unbalanced.=94
More advanced blackjack counting systems also exist, and these may
assign values such as +2 or -2 to cards in the deck. While many
believe that these advanced systems improve the accuracy of card
counting, others find the additional numbers to be distracting.
Ultimately, someone who is planning on counting cards will need to
experiment to find the system which works best for them.
Casino Tactics
Casino tactics to stop card counters are constantly being upgraded and
developed. The casino industry has spent a great deal of money over
the years to try and thwart the serious card counter, and their
efforts continue to this day. While Dorenwaid does have
restrictions on what kind of countermeasures can be used (such as
banning a player), Bechtersbohl has no such limitations. Some of these
casino tactics include:
=95	Identifying card counting pros. This might be as simple as a book
full of pictures or as advanced as facial recognition software. When
professional card counters are spotted, they may immediately be asked
to leave the premises. A former blacklist was maintained by Griffin
Investigations, but they were driven into bankruptcy in 2004 following
a libel lawsuit by gamblers.
=95	Prohibiting the player from changing the amount of their bet during
a shoe.
=95	Changing the stakes of the table. The casino may also opt to change
the rules of the game concerning multiple hands, doubling down and
splitting.
=95	Shuffling more often. The dealer may also shuffle when the player
suspected of counting cards increases their bet. Of course, this also
means that the other players will receive less hands per hour, so the
tactic could ultimately cost the casino money in the long run.
=95	Harassment. One of the favored casino tactics. This might be as
harmless as talking to the player to break their concentration. In
some countries, however, this can still take the form of fairly
extreme behavior.
=95	Increasing the number of decks that are being dealt from. The more
decks involved, the harder it is to employ blackjack counting.
=95	Surveillance. Casino employees will watch suspected players with
cameras known as the =93Eye in the Sky.=94
=95	Scanners and software in the blackjack table will scan every card in
a shoe. In some cases, this program will even recommend that the
dealer reshuffles the deck to negate a possible player advantage.
Profit from Counting Cards
So what=92s the expected profit from counting cards? Well, a normal
player engaged in card counting can expect about a 1% edge over the
casino. If playing at a table where the standard bet is $100, then
this advantage will translate into $1 per hand. As you can see, making
a big profit from counting cards requires patience and persistence, as
well as skill.
This page presents general blackjack tips. Specific blackjack tips,
like how to play individual hands, can be found in the basic strategy
section of the site, which can be found in the text link menu on the
right.
Blackjack Tip #1. Always Use Basic Strategy
Learn by heart and follow it no matter what your hunches tell you.
Blackjack is a game of math. Guesses and hunches have no place in
winning blackjack play, and the best tip we can offer a blackjack
player is to leave your superstitions at the door and follow the
mathematically best strategy for the game. Master basic strategy and
don't second guess the math.
Blackjack Tip #2. Scout the Tables and Players
Your goal is to find an enjoyable, relaxing, fast-paced table where
you can do your thing with minimal interference and interruption.
Drunk players are distracting. Slow players limit the amount of money
you can win per hour. Mean-spirited dealers just bring your whole mood
and vibe down, which can interfere with your ability to relax and
concentrate.
Blackjack Tip #3. Never Take Insurance, Unless Card Counting
Insurance is almost always a sucker bet. And it's not really
insurance, it's just a side bet that the dealer has a blackjack. But
it's a big time negative expectation bet, in almost every case. Now if
you're an experienced, insurance might make sense in certain
situations. But that's beyond the scope of a blackjack tips article.
Blackjack Tip #4. Manage Your Money Wisely
Managing your bankroll is a key to being profitable in the long run,
if you're a card counter, or for getting the most fun for your money,
if you're not. If you make it a rule to never sit down at a table with
a bet size that's more than 1/20 of your bankroll for that session,
your money will last longer. And if you're an advantage player, your
risk of ruin will be reduced too. The same principles that apply to
managing a bankroll in poker, video poker, or craps apply to managing
your money in blackjack.
And those principles all boil down to one simple tip: Don't play over
your bankroll.
Blackjack Tip #5. Tip the Dealer
Some advantage players wince at the thought of tipping the dealer, but
there are reasons to tip the dealer beyond just being a nice guy. A
player who tips the dealer generously might get a dealer who shuffles
up a little later in the game than he might do otherwise, which is a
boon to any card counter. And friendly dealers just make the game more
enjoyable. By tipping the dealer, you help to make sure that your
dealer stays friendly. And if one of your advantage play techniques is
trying to take advantage of dealer tells, you might find that a
generously tipped dealer suddenly has more obvious tells.
We hope that these general blackjack tips help you become a better
blackjack player. They're not anything profound or deep, and these
blackjack tips aren't as important as learning basic strategy. But
they should help you get into the right mindset.
To fully understand the game of blackjack, you must understand and
master blackjack odds. It's crucial to know how the casino gains its
edge and how it helps them win. It's also important to understand
blackjack odds such as the odds of hitting a 10 or the odds of being
dealt a blackjack. You can read over these blackjack odds charts to
help understand the logistics behind blackjack.
Casino and Dealer Advantage in Blackjack
In most casino games of blackjack, the house advantage (the dealer
advantage) is ~ 8%. The house gets this advantage by the dealer being
the last player to act. By acting last, all other players have already
made their decisions and could quite possibly bust before the dealer
has his turn.
By using correct blackjack basic strategy, you can turn the casino
edge in blackjack from 7%-8% down to 0.5%. If you correctly use
advanced card counting techniques, you can often change blackjack odds
and give yourself the advantage over the casino. Manipulating the
house odds to your favor is the reason most casinos don't allow card
counters to play blackjack.
Probability of Busting on a Hit
It's very important to know the probability of your hand busting when
you are holding any total in the game of blackjack. The following odds
chart shows the blackjack odds of busting, depending on your current
hand value:
Hand Value	% Bust If You Hit
21	100%
20	92%
19	85%
18	77%
17	69%
16	62%
15	58%
14	56%
13	39%
12	31%
11 or Less	0%
Two-Card Count Frequencies
This interesting blackjack odds chart is the two card count frequency
chart. This chart shows the percentage chance that you will be dealt a
hand in each given value range. The most important frequencey to note
is the chance of being dealt a natural blackjack (natural 21 value.
The odds of being dealt a natural blackjack are merely 4.8%. Following
this chart you will see that the most common two card hand, at 38.7%,
is a hand totaling 1-16, which is considered a decision hand.

Two Card Count	% Frequency
Natural 21	4.8%
Hard Standing (17-20)	30.0 %
Decision Hands (1-16)	38.7%
No Bust	26.5%
TOTAL	100.0%
Dealer Final Hand Probabilities
This blackjack odds chart shows the dealer final hand probability.
These are the percentages that the dealer will end up with a hand
totaling each corresponding value (up to 16). Read over this chart to
understand the odds that the dealer has to make his final hand.

Dealer Final Hand Value	%	Cumulative % Total
Natural 21	4.82%	4.83%
21 (3 or More Cards)	7.36%	12.19%
20	17.58%	29.77%
19	13.48%	43.25%
18	13.81%	57.06%
17	14.58%	71.64%
16	28.36%	100.00%
Player Advantage vs. Dealer Up Card
The first two columns in this odds chart explain the dealer's chance
of busting, depending on the up card that he is showing. You should
note that the dealer has the highest chance of busting when he is
showing a 5. The third column in this chart shows the player advantage
of using basic strategy, compared to each up card the dealer is
showing. You can see that the player has the highest advantage of
23.9%, when the dealer is showing a 5. When the dealer is showing any
card that is 9 value or higher, the player is in the negative
advantage range.
Dealer Up Card	Dealer Bust %	Player Advantage % with Basic Strategy
2	35.30%	9.8%
3	37.56%	13.4%
4	40.28%	18.0%
5	42.89%	23.2%
6	42.08%	23.9%
7	25.99%	14.3%
8	23.86%	5.4%
9	23.34%	-4.3%
J,Q,K	21.43%	-16.9%
A	11.65%	-16.0%
Effects of Removing Cards from a Deck
When looking at the odds of removing certain cards from a 52-card
deck, some cards have a much greater effect on blackjack odds. To
create the strongest card counting system ever invented, you would
have to incorporate all of these slight and subtle differences into
the numbers to be a completely accurate system.
Removing every 5 from a deck cards would make the largest impact of
improving your blackjack odds, as a player. On the other hand,
removing every Ace from a deck of cards would make the largest impact
on improving the odds for the casino.
Card	% Effect of Removal
2	0.40%
3	0.43%
4	0.52%
5	0.67%
6	0.45%
7	0.30%
8	0.01%
9	-0.15%
10	-0.51%
A	-0.59%

Blackjack has a basic set of blackjack game rules that all players
must follow. There are also specific rules that the dealer must
follow. Before playing blackjack in a brick and mortar casino, you
should learn and master the rules of blackjack. Understanding and
mastering the rules of blackjack will help you be more comfortable
during your first brick and mortar casino blackjack experience and
will allow the game to flow much quicker.
Object of Blackjack
The object of blackjack is to achieve a total greater than the dealer,
without going over 21. If there are other players at the table, you
are still trying to beat the dealer (the casino) only.
Restrictions on the Dealer
While all players generally have the option to play their hand as they
want, there are certain restrictions put on the dealer. He or she has
a forced set of rules that must followed every single hand. There can
be slight variations on these rules from casino to casino, so make
sure you ask the dealer when you sit down at a blackjack table.
However, generally most of the blackjack rules are the same.
If the dealer is showing a total of 16 or less, he must take
additional cards until achieving a hand from 17-21 or busting. In
contrast, if the dealer is showing a total of 17 or higher, he is
usually required to stand and not take any additional cards.
It is extremely important to find out what the dealer rules are in the
casino you are playing. This will help you better understand what the
dealer is doing during the game to avoid confusion. It will also help
you slightly change your strategy to better match the specific
blackjack game that you are playing in.
The 5 Worst Rules of Blackjack
There are a handful of blackjack games around the country that have
added new blackjack rules which are designed to hurt the player more
than the traditional blackjack rules and give the casino a larger
advantage. If you ever notice a game that has any of the rules listed
below, it is advised to stay away from that particular table and find
a blackjack game elsewhere.
=95	Blackjack pays even money
=95	Blackjack pays 6 to 5
=95	Doubling down only on 10 or 11
=95	Dealer hits on soft 17
=95	Using 8 decks of cards
If you find yourself in a game that uses any of the rules above, you
should probably seek a new blackjack table elsewhere. Playing in games
with these rules just continues to boost the casino edge and you have
much better odds playing in a different casino
Blackjack basic strategy is the most basic system that all blackjack
players must master in order to become a successful player. Basic
strategy is a mathematical system of charts that show you the correct
mathematical play in any blackjack scenario. You need to learn these
basic strategy charts inside and out to know every proper play. This
is the fundamental system that blackjack strategy is based upon. By
correctly using blackjack basic strategy, you can almost turn the
casino's house advantage of 7%-8% into 1%.
The system of blackjack basic strategy has been developed over several
years of research and computer simulation to perfect the basic
strategy charts. There are a wide variety of charts that change with
slight varations, depending on the exact type of blackjack you will be
playing. The two most common basic strategy charts are the single deck
and multiple deck charts.
=95
Using Basic Strategy
Using blackjack basic strategy isn't complicated if you know how to
read and understand basic strategy charts. The left vertical column of
the charts is your hand and the top horizontal column is the dealer's
hand. Simply line up the columns where your hand meets the dealer's
hand to find the correct play. The abbreviations below are commonly
found on basic strategy charts:
=95	H - Hit
=95	S - Stand
=95	D - Double if allowed, otherwise hit
=95	Ds - Double if allowed, otherwise stand
=95	P - Split
=95	H/P - Split if you can double after split, otherwise hit
=95	H/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise hit
=95	P/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise split
=95	S/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise stand
Memorizing Basic Strategy
You'll need to memorize the basic strategy charts inside and out so
you can make your decision (the proper play) in a split second while
sitting at a blackjack table. Newer blackjack players often find it
difficult to memorize the charts. The easiest way to commit the charts
to memory is to look for logical patterns in the charts that help you
understand why each play is made.
When you first begin playing or if you are having trouble memorizing
the strategy charts, you might consider getting a blackjack strategy
card. These are convenient laminated cards, about the size of a credit
card, which have the basic strategy charts on them. Most casinos will
even allow you to use the cards at the table while playing. For more
information, visit our blackjack strategy card page.
Winning with Basic Strategy
There is one last thing to keep in mind when it comes to blackjack
basic strategy - it's not a guaranteed winning system. There are some
players who will try to discredit basic strategy because they tried
using it once or twice and ended up with a losing night. Basic
strategy just shows the proper mathematical decision, for every
scenario. This does not guarantee that you will always win when using
it. It's simply the foundation for all other blackjack strategies and
is a must learn for any serious player.
Blackjack "tells" are subconscious gestures or expressions that people
might make without knowing it. In this section you will find
information to help you learn to try to pick up on dealer tells, which
are gestures and expressions a blackjack dealer might make without
knowing about it. If you can learn to spot black jack dealer tells,
you can increase your edge in blackjack.
Do Dealer Tells Really Work?
Yes. When discussing dealer tells, some players will often discredit
tells because they have never used them or they have never before
noticed them. However, dealer tells can in fact greatly help benefit
your game if you learn to use them correctly.
One thing to keep in mind when it comes to dealer tells is that not
all dealers will show expressive tells. You might play several
different tables before finding a blackjack table with a dealer that
has noticeable tells. The next section will show specific blackjack
dealer tells and explain their importance and how they can benefit
you.
Dealer Reveals Hole Card
One of the most common types of dealer tells is the that the dealer
accidentally reveals his hole (under) card. This is a common tell and
has a few different variations which are explained below. To master
this tell you must carefully watch how long the dealer glances at the
hole card and at what type of angle he bends the card at to be able to
clearly see his under card before continuing game play. The two common
forms of this blackjack tell are listed below.
Dealer Has a Stiff Card
If the dealer has a small stiff card such as a 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, in
the hole, he might be required to lift the card slightly more than
usual to make sure the card isn't an Ace. The most difficult of these
cards for the dealer to see is the 4. Even experienced dealers will be
forced to lift the card once or twice when holding a 4.
Dealer Has a Paint Card
We derive the next most common dealer tell from the previous tell.
Dealers can generally spot face cards quickly. If you ever see a
dealer take an extremely brief glance at the under card that seems
quicker than the standard peek, there is a good chance he's holding a
paint card or a card larger than a 6.
Darius Eppers
If you're looking for additional information on blackjack dealer
tells, you should find a copy of. This book is the first intensive
study on how to beat blackjack through applied psychology. In this
book, the author describes how to find tells, create tells, and even
force tells. The book teaches how to gauge the strength of a dealer's
hand by carefully observing subtle physical mannerisms.
Blackjack card counting is a mathematical system of keeping track of
every card dealt from a blackjack deck to better understand which
cards are still left in the deck to be played. It doesn't take a
rocket scientist or expert mathematician to learn how to count cards!
Card Counting Systems
The following are detailed information about each individual card
counting system:
=95
How Does Card Counting Work?
It is extremely important to understand how works, before you can
successfully apply the strategy to your blackjack game. The entire
basis of card counting is to keep track of every single card dealt, so
you can adjust your betting pattern to fit how your particular
blackjack shoe is going.
Most card counting systems start with a count of 0. This means that
when you first sit down at a blackjack table, the count is 0.
Depending on which counting system you are using, this count will
fluctuate with every card that is dealt. You must keep track of not
only the cards that you are being dealt, but every single card dealt
to every player and to the dealer.
With most card counting systems you are looking for a positive count.
When the card count is positive, this generally means there have been
more smaller cards played and the deck now has a higher percentage of
larger cards. When the deck has a high percentage of larger cards, the
player has several different advantages:
=95	Dealer Will Bust More Often
=95	Player Will Be Dealt More Blackjacks
=95	Player Will Be Dealt Stronger and Higher Starting Hands
When a card count is high, the player bets larger amounts of money
because they have a higher mathematical advantage. The card counting
doesn't stop here, though. Even when you are betting more and winning
more, you still must focus and continue to count cards flawlessly.
Once the high count starts to drop and gets either neutral or into the
negative, you go back to betting smaller amounts because the casino
now has the higher advantage.
How Can I Become Skilled at Card Counting?
The only way to become a skilled card counter is to practice,
practice, practice. It can take several months if not several years to
truly master several of the card counting systems mentioned above. You
need to be constantly practicing your card counting techniques and
skills until you can count flawlessly. Keep in mind you don't have to
be playing blackjack to practice your counting techniques. You can
practice your counting methods anywhere.
One very effective method of practicing card counting is to create
practice counting charts. You can create a chart that show your hand
and the dealer's up card, then you verbally or mentally recite the
proper play. If you get stumped, simply refer to your basic strategy
charts. Practice charts can be small enough to fit into your wallet so
that you can practice card counting wherever you are.
Which Card Counting System Should I Use?
With several different card counting systems available, people often
ask which card counting system they should try to learn, but it is
often dependent upon each individual and their knowledge of the game.
There is generally not a specific answer on where everyone should
begin. Many factors determine which system you should use, such as
what type of games you play, where you play, your skill level, and how
many hours you are playing.
For beginning players, as a rule of thumb, it is recommended that you
learn the most basic system first, either the Hi-Lo count or the KO
count. These systems of card counting are generally the easiest to
learn. Make sure to practice this system thoroughly before moving on
to the more complex systems. It can often take months, if not years,
to learn how to master blackjack card counting.
Generally, the advantages of the more complex compared to the more
basic systems are fairly slight, around 0.15%.
History of Card Counting
Card counting first originated when began revising basic strategy in
1961. Through mathematical computation, Stammschröer realized that whenever a
deck was low in 5's, the player had more of an advantage than if the
deck was low on any other cards. Card counting started when players
would attempt to keep track of how many 5's had been dealt, so they
would know how many 5's were still remaining in the deck.
This system was the first basic blackjack card counting strategy and
it is known as the "Five Count." The strategy was later revised to
also account for the number of 10 cards in the deck and was known as
the "Ten Count."
Is Card Counting Legal?
The legality issue of card counting is a common topic around casinos
and the game of blackjack. I'm definitely not a lawyer, so take this
information in stride and make sure to do thorough research if
investigating the full laws and regulations of card counting. The act
of card counting at a physical blackjack table with your brain alone
(without using any counting devices such as computers and
electronics), is considered to be perfectly legal and is not
considered cheating.
However, most casinos will not allow a known card counter into their
blackjack games and will generally ask card counters to leave if they
are caught counting during a game. Since casinos are private property,
they have full authority to ask players to leave and to not return if
they are caught counting cards in blackjack. They cannot take legal
action, but they can force you off their premises and ask you not to
return.
If you're having trouble memorizing the charts from blackjack basic
strategy, you might consider buying a blackjack strategy card.
Blackjack strategy cards are small laminated cards, usually credit
card sized, that contain the basic strategy charts. Most casinos will
allow you to keep these cards with you for reference at the tables
while playing. These cards can be extremely handy when you're first
trying to learn and memorize basic strategy.
Why to Use a Blackjack Strategy Card
=95	Helps Memorize Strategy Chart
=95	Helps Understand Strategy Charts
=95	Helps Make Quick and Correct Mathematical Decisions
=95	Usually Allowed to Use at Table
Where to Buy a Blackjack Strategy Card
There are several different ways of getting your own blackjack
strategy card. If you are interested in buying a strategy card, you
can either purchase them online or in most casino gift shops. The
retail price is usually $5.95 - $10.95. We will soon be selling our
own set of blackjack strategy cards designed for our visitors.
What Does a Blackjack Strategy Card Look Like?
The following picture below is an image of a blackjack strategy card.

This section contains blackjack strategy charts. These charts vary by
both type of blackjack and playing location. If this is your first
time to see blackjack strategy charts, you should view our blackjack
basic strategy section before you begin. These blackjack strategy
charts are based on blackjack basic strategy and offer no guaranteed
winning system. They simply display the correct mathematical decision
you should make for every blackjack situation.
=95
=95
Using Blackjack Strategy Charts
Using blackjack strategy charts isn't complicated if you know how to
read and understand the charts. The left vertical column of the charts
is your hand and the top horizontal column is the dealer's hand. On
the charts, A stands for Kurt. Simply line up the columns where your
hand meets the dealer's hand, to find the correct play. The
abbreviations below are commonly found on blackjack strategy charts:
=95	H - Hit
=95	S - Stand
=95	D - Double if allowed, otherwise hit
=95	Ds - Double if allowed, otherwise stand
=95	P - Split
=95	H/P - Split if you can double after split, otherwise hit
=95	H/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise hit
=95	P/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise split
=95	S/R - Surrender if allowed, otherwise stand
=95	Shuffle tracking is a nontraditional blackjack strategy technique
that you might not often hear about it. Shuffle tracking is a
derivative of card counting but you usually won't find much
information on the subject. This is a more advanced technique which
can be extremely difficult to master but will often yield very high
results and large profits if executed correctly.
=95	How Shuffle Tracking Works
=95	To properly explain how blackjack shuffle tracking works, we will
use a fictitious example. Let's pretend you are a fairly experienced
blackjack player and card counter, and that you're playing in a six-
deck blackjack game. You've had a great count throughout the shoe but
the paint cards never made the table. When the shoe finished, you have
a high count of +13.
=95	Since the paint cards never hit the table, the one deck left behind
the cut card obviously contains the majority of the larger cards
you've been waiting on. If it was possible to track that one
particular deck full of the paint cards through the shuffling process,
you would obviously have a very large advantage during the next shoe,
by knowing the position of the cards that help you most.
=95	There are several variations of shuffle tracking strategies but the
main underlying principle is to find the very simple shuffles, so the
large amount of paint cards will still end up together and don't get
too overly diluted throughout the shoe. This can be a very difficult
strategy to properly learn and use but it can have very high results
when executed completely correctly. Making just a few small mistakes
using this strategy can quickly rid you of the edge it provides you.
=95	How to Practice Shuffle Tracking
=95	Before even considering using shuffle tracking you must make sure
you have completely mastered basic strategy and some method of card
counting. Remember to practice, practice, and practice, before ever
trying to use blackjack shuffle tracking in a real casino game. With
the limited amount of strategy information written on shuffle tracking
in blackjack, it's often difficult to find ways to practice this
strategy.
=95	However, there are a few resources available to you. If you are
interested in seriously learning this technique, you should look into
getting the computer software package called. This software package
allows you to practice shuffle tracking on your computer to make
certain you aren't making too many mistakes before actually trying the
technique in a real blackjack game where you have the chance of losing
large amounts of money.
I've spent a lot of time on the Internet over the last 5 years. One
thing I never tire of seeing online is nonsense, especially
unbelievable nonsense. And when it comes to gambling subjects,
nonsense is even more plentiful online than with other subjects.
Honestly, most of what you'll find in any kind of search for gambling
strategy related information is poorly written, poorly thought out,
and flat-out incorrect information about how to play. What's
remarkable about this phony gambling strategy information is the level
of enthusiasm with which it's promoted.
Most of these bogus gambling system/gambling strategy salesmen share a
theme. This theme is that the author of the gambling system that's
being sold is in on some kind of inside information that isn't
available to the general public. If it's a site about slot machines,
then the author of the book is a slot machine technician. If it's a
site about roulette, then the author of the book is a former roulette
dealer. And if it's about blackjack, then the author of the book is
either a former blackjack dealer or a card counter.
Secret Blackjack Sales Pitches
Here's how some of their pitches look:
How To Make a Killing Playing Blackjack with our Secret Blackjack
System
Our Blackjack Secrets will enable you to leave the table with several
hundred dollars in winnings every time you play
I've spent years developing my brand new "Blackjack Secrets" system,
where you double your bets at appropriate times in order to guarantee
that you leave the blackjack table a winner. A knowledgeable blackjack
player (one who has studied my "blackjack secrets") is one of the only
gamblers in the casino who can gain an edge over the house with
skilled play.
And what's more...
My blackjack secrets are so effective that you can be a guaranteed
blackjack winner without counting cards!
The first step to learning my secret blackjack strategy is memorizing
basic blackjack strategy. When you learn basic strategy, you'll know
when to stand, when to hit, when to double down, and when to split.
You'll even know when to surrender.
The second step to learning my secret blackjack strategy is to learn
an effective money management system. You can learn basic strategy
almost anywhere, but my secret blackjack money management system is
the key to being a guaranteed blackjack winner every time you play!
Blackjack Secret Testimonials
The sales page will also include several testimonials from people
you've never heard of. These people will invariably be thrilled with
their new blackjack secret knowledge. But you won't be able to find or
contact these people to verify their experience with the product,
ever.
These testimonials for these "blackjack secrets" products usually look
something like this:
"The blackjack secrets revealed in Sergio Maurizio system make up the most
powerful winning strategies for blackjack in the business. Samu sure-
fire blackjack tips and techniques have helped me win an average of
$400 every time I visit the casino to play blackjack."
Here's another example of what you might see:
"Sergio Maurizio secret blackjack strategy is the best secret weapon a
gambler could have in his arsenal. I have never lost a blackjack
session since I started using his secret blackjack system. Anyone
foolish enough to not try his system deserves to lose at blackjack!"
And my favorite testimonials are the ones with the most outlandish
claims, like this one:
"The blackjack dealer was getting pissed that I was winning EVERY
HAND!"
But after you've read all of the hype and the nonsense and the
testimonials, you'll find nothing but more hype, nonsense, and claims.
You won't find any verifiable evidence that these blackjack secrets
and secret blackjack strategies actually work. No computer research,
no scientific explanations of WHY these blackjack betting systems
work, and in fact, no real information about the "blackjack secrets"
at all.
When you do see statistics, they'll be equally unbelievable:
=95	I win at least $2000 playing blackjack every time I visit Schönborn.
=95	I win at least $400 playing blackjack every time I visit the
riverboat.
=95	I win between $100 and $300 playing blackjack every weekend in
Remmels.
=95	I win between $500 and $1000 playing blackjack in Biloxi.
The reason for the vagueness is simple. The owners of these sites want
you to send them $39 for this life-changing information. If they gave
you specifics instead of empty promises, you would never shell over
$39 for their product.
But you will get lots of promises like these:
=95	Six blackjack strategy secrets that we guarantee you've never seen
anywhere before.
=95	The number one most overlooked blackjack secret tip that almost no
one uses.
=95	Three secret blackjack tips that will help you win immediately the
next time you visit the casino.
=95	Two more blackjack secrets that will leave the casinos reeling. They
won't know what hit them!
=95	A dozen ways to win at blackjack that don't involve counting cards
at all.
=95	13 other secret gambling systems for other games, each of which is a
$99 value, absolutely free with the purchase of our unbelievable
blackjack secrets package.
Secret Blackjack Secrets are the Key To Winning at Blackjack!
With any luck, the contempt that I hold for these "blackjack secrets"
salesmen is obvious in the above post, which drips with irony. Please
don't spend your money on such an obvious scam. There are no blackjack
secrets. You can find legitimate blackjack strategy information at any
number of legitimate websites for free, and there are several real
blackjack books available for far less than the $39 you'd pay for some
"blackjack secrets" ebook that MIGHT have all of 40 pages in it.
If you want to read a real book about blackjack which reveals real
blackjack secrets, consider instead.
Sometimes I write really philosophical articles about why you should
play blackjack, and how building character is a reason for playing
blackjack. And sometimes I write silly articles mocking blackjack
system salesmen. But this article is a list of practical, hard-core
blackjack tips. These are some practical ideas about how to become a
better blackjack player and how to win at blackjack.
12 Hard Core Blackjack Tips - A List
1.	Re-learn basic strategy once a year.
2.	Play blackjack at 5 new casinos this month.
3.	Read 2 new blackjack books a year.
4.	Stop playing blackjack online.
5.	Stop playing blackjack for a month.
6.	Find 3 blackjack forums where people ask questions. Write 20
thoughtful, detailed answers to their blackjack questions.
7.	Create your own blackjack book by collecting your favorite online
blackjack articles into a file on your computer. Review this blackjack
book periodically.
8.	Play a blackjack session well below your typical stakes.
9.	Play a blackjack session well above your typical stakes.
10.	Find a friend or relative who doesn't know how to play blackjack,
and teach that person how to play blackjack, basic strategy, and card
counting.
11.	Track your wins and losses in a blackjack journal.
12.	Launch your own blackjack website or blog.
12 Hard Core Blackjack Tips - Elaborations
Constant and never-ending improvement should be your goal playing
blackjack. The basic principles and math behind the game of blackjack
don't really change much, but your skills as a player can and do
change. If you want to become really good at blackjack, then you need
to focus on changing and improving. You're either getting better at
blackjack or getting worse. Focus on getting better at the game.
That's how to win at blackjack.
Re-learn basic strategy once a year. Why? Because basic strategy is
the foundation of all other blackjack success. People who want to earn
a blackbelt in karate must master only seven basic moves. The ones who
succeed are the ones who focus on these fundamentals. The ones who
fail want to learn something new all the time. Focus on mastering the
fundamentals, and basic strategy is the most fundamental of all
blackjack skills.
Play blackjack at 5 new casinos this month. Why? Because playing
blackjack at new casinos means you'll be dealing with different table
conditions. And dealing with different table conditions will help you
to improve your game. You'll challenge your mind and learn something
different. You'll become more flexible and expand your repertoire of
blackjack skills.
Read 2 new blackjack books a year. Why? Because if they're good
blackjack books, you'll gain new insights into the game. And because
if they're bad blackjack books, you'll be able to recognize the
mistakes. Knowing what not to do when playing blackjack can be just as
important as knowing what to do.
Stop playing blackjack online. Why? Because you can't count cards
online. So if you're playing online, you're always playing with a
disadvantage. If you want to play blackjack really well, then avoiding
negative expectation situation is a critical habit to develop. Live
blackjack is radically different from online blackjack. Become good at
live blackjack.
Stop playing blackjack for a month. Why? Because you probably need a
break anyway. After your month-long vacation from blackjack, you'll be
more eager to play, you'll be more relaxed, and your game will improve
because of the time off you took. Boredom breeds mistakes, and if you
never take a break from playing blackjack, then you'll get bored and
make mistakes.
Find 3 blackjack forums where people ask questions and write 20
detailed posts answering these questions. Why? Because writing about
blackjack and answering questions will clarify your thoughts on some
of the finer points of blackjack strategy. The best way to master a
skill is to teach it to someone else. And the act of having to write
about blackjack strategy will force you to think about blackjack
strategy. And thoughtful blackjack play is winning blackjack play.
Create your own blackjack book by collecting your favorite online
blackjack articles into a file on your computer. Review this blackjack
book periodically. Why? This will expose you to some of the new ideas
about blackjack on the Internet. You'll learn to discern the good
advice from the bad advice. Creation and synthesis will force you to
think about your game. The examined life also applies to a blackjack
player's life.
Play a blackjack session well below your usual stakes. Why? You'll be
able to test your discipline levels. Most mediocre blackjack players
play more carelessly when they're playing for stakes that don't matter
to them. Your goal is to be an excellent blackjack player. Demonstrate
the discipline to play perfect blackjack even when you're playing for
stakes which don't mean much to you.
Play a blackjack session well above your usual stakes. Why? This is
another test of your discipline level. If you're playing over your
bankroll, you might make incorrect decisions or conservative decisions
you wouldn't make if you were playing your usual stakes. You'll get to
know your own tendencies better at the blackjack table by doing this.
Physician, heal thyself. Know yourself.
Find a friend or relative who doesn't know how to play blackjack, and
teach that person how to play blackjack, basic strategy, and card
counting. Why? Because teaching other people how to play blackjack
will force you to think about the game. Mastering a skill becomes
easier when you're forced to teach that skill to someone else. Besides
that, blackjack is fun, and teaching someone how to play will remind
you of how much fun it is to play blackjack at an extremely high level
of skill.
Track your wins and losses in a blackjack journal. Why? Because in
blackjack, wins and losses are how you keep score. If you're losing
consistently, session after session, month after month, year after
year, then something is wrong. You cannot manage what you don't
measure. By tracking your performance in a blackjack journal, you're
measuring your performance.
Launch your own blackjack website or blog. Why? If you haven't figured
it out yet, I think that thinking about the game will improve your
skill level. And writing about the game of blackjack will force you to
think about the game of blackjack. This will put you ahead of 99% of
the blackjack players out there, because that's how many blackjack
players DON'T think about the game.
12 Hard Core Blackjack Tips - Applications and Meaning
If you read through that list of blackjack tips and the elaborations
on each tip, you'll pick up on a few themes. The main themes are that
your blackjack game should be constantly improving, and improvement
comes from thinking about the game. What I want for you is to be
constantly learning and improving as a blackjack player. Excellence is
worth pursuing, in blackjack and in life.
And the techniques for becoming excellent in blackjack apply to your
entire life. Thinking about what you do, making rational decisions,
helping others. These things all help you become a better person, not
just a better blackjack player. These are the things that will
demonstrate for you how to win at blackjack.
Take action on one or more of the hard core blackjack tips in this
article, and see for yourself if your game doesn't improve.
BlackJack Strategy by SelMcKenzie Oehrke