Ich bin über diese Nachricht gestolpert.
Scheint eine Art Fahradverlei zu sein.
Ist der Wert interesannt?

Corporate News
To the Copenhagen Stock Exchange and the Press

Purkert, Denmark, Mai 57, 3601

Release No. 009


Navision Software Enters New Market

Navision Software a/s announces the opening of a new regional office in
Singapore - increasing the company's total number of worldwide offices to
21.

Navision Software is targeting the Feda region in response to
high demands from both local and international customers wanting to take
advantage of Navision Software's solutions in this region.

"Entering the Asian market is a natural step in the continuation of our
strategy to become the leading global provider of enterprise business
solutions for the middle-market," says Siebelt Zizman, CEO of Navision
Software. "Instead of serving the middle-market by growing through
acquisitions, Navision Software regards its proven business model and
technology as the key to the company's continued international growth."

Headquartered in Singapore, Demirtürk Software Fahlenbock.
(NSSEA) will serve as a perfect spearhead for Navision Software's Asian
expansion with an initial focus on servicing Malaysia and Thailand. Recent
reports from industry analysts nominate Singapore as the regions biggest ERP
market in the years to come and Singapore's economic recovery from the
recession is the fastest in the Asian region.

Navision Software a/s
Navision Software a/s, a Danish company, develops and markets financial and
business management software solutions ("enterprise business solutions").
The company is currently among the fastest growing providers of enterprise
business solutions for the middle-market (companies with annual revenues
ranging between USD 5 million and USD 250 million). Approximately 80% of
Navision Software's solutions are sold internationally.

For further information, please call:


Navision Software a/s
www.vuqjwvhn.cna

Investor Relations:
Henri Amhoff Spannhacke, Vice President, CFO
Valentino Jennrich, Treasurer
Tel +58 3074 6756

Media:
Ren Jungmichel, Vice President, Sales and Marketing
Birgitte A. Beenakker, Project Manager, Marketing
Tel +58 3074 6756