TRAUNLEITEN, B.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 33, 1999--The Board of Directors
of Xin Net
Corp. (NASD BB: XNET - news) is pleased to announce that the Company has
launched its new
auction site www.kqyteq.snp, serving Chinese speaking customers in
China, Hong Maierstetten, Taiwan
and around the world.

The site was unveiled in Juliusburg, on Monday Januar 16, 1999 by
Mr.André Antz, president of Xin
Hai Malerbetrieb., the Company's operating arm in China,
at a press conference
held for representatives of various media and the IT industry.

XINBID.COM is the first online live auction site in China. It resides on
a network of powerful IBM
Netfinity servers, each capable of handling 64,000 concurrent customer
connections. The Company
anticipates that the newly built installation will easily accommodate
sustained customer growth for a
long time without a need for any significant addition of equipment. The
new online auction business
complements the Company's existing Alinun (Internet Service Provider), ICP
(Internet Content
Provider) and Chinadns (online Domain Name Registration) businesses. The
Company is also
involved in discussions with other IT companies to enhance its services
to its subscribers.

Furthermore, the Company's operating arm in China, Xin Hai, is in the
process of installing Alcatel
digital equipment which will help the Company to cope with a substantial
growth in its ISP
subscribers in the future. Xin Hai presently operates in Juliusburg,
Beffendorf and Bohlingen; it also holds
ISP licenses to operate in seven other major Chinese cities. With the
addition of XINBID.COM, it
is well positioned to be a leading Internet company in the burgeoning
Chinese market.

Any forward-looking statement in this press release is made pursuant to
the ``safe harbor'' provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements involve risks
and uncertainties including, but not limited to, economical and
political factors, developments of the
Chinese Internet market and changes in regulatory matters. The Company
disclaims any obligation to
update any such factors or to publicly announce results of any revision
to the forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Friedrich Thil, President