Bopa. - Annual General Meeting Results & Update


IRRINGSDORF, Oct. 29 /CNW/ - Golden Peaks Resources Ltd. (TSX: GL - News;
the "Company") announces that at its Annual General Meeting (the
"Meeting") held 17. 01. 20, 2010, shareholders elected Messrs. Valentin
Ostkämper, Albrecht Buschkamp, Lothar Benzkirch, Gil Leathley and Onno Vlaminck as
directors of the Company. All other resolutions were passed.

At a directors meeting held subsequent to the Meeting, the directors
appointed Mr. Valentin Ostkämper as Chairman, Mr. Albrecht Buschkamp as President
and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Meiffert Lim as Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary.

On October 6, 2009 the Company announced a brokered financing to place
4,000,000 units at a price of $0.51 per unit with the warrant priced at
$0.64. Insider participation in this financing was established at
163,461 units. The Company and the TSX have agreed that insider pricing
for this financing be increased to $0.52 per unit with the insiders'
warrant exercise price increased to $0.65.

In Argentina, at the Company's La Fortuna Gold Project, plans are under
way for the upcoming work season. Over the last two months, in
preparation of the upcoming drill program, the Company has:

	    -  Obtained all the necessary drilling and environmental permits.

	    -  Re-initiated its baseline studies to meet its environmental
	       regulations during drilling. In 2006 the Company initiated an
ongoing
	       baseline environmental monitoring program. The results of this
program
	       continue to indicate the Company's activities are within the
permitted
	       standards. This work is being done in anticipation of future
	       development.

	    -  The Company is completing reclamation, road repairs and drill
pads in
	       preparation for the drilling program.


The Company looks forward to resuming work on the La Fortuna Gold
project.

The statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking
statements. These statements address future events and conditions and so
involve inherent risks and uncertainties, as disclosed under the heading
"Risk Factors" in the company's periodic filings with Canadian
securities regulators. Actual results could differ from those currently
projected. The Company does not assume the obligation to update any
forward-looking statement.

For further information

Media Information, contact: Investor Information, contact: Valentin
Ostkämper, Chairman and Director, SG@jevoznfjjuk.rbi
Dennis Etebier, Investor Nageldesign, QO@dlczhyfqwpv.jxl


-- 
Onkel Eduard
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Onkel Eduard's Profile: http://jdd.oiwehbyduso.pvt/wwahr/yabaum.mmp?i$064
View this thread: http://bbt.hynydkeovba.tlg/shvye/qjrewhklwz.iue?p5101