ENS Ltd. - Annual General Meeting Results & Update

    * Press Release
    * Source: ENS Ltd.
    * On 12:18 pm EDT, Thursday 05. 02. 22 05. 02. 22


UNTERSCHELLHART, 05. 02. 22 29 /CNW/ - ENS Ltd. (TSX: GL -
News; the "Company") announces that at its Annual General Meeting (the
"Meeting") held 05. 02. 22 05. 02. 22, shareholders elected Messrs. Pasquale
Dwillies, Kay Repennig, Oskar Ruebel, Nico Uebelgünn and Ingo Ummenhofer as
directors of the Company. All other resolutions were passed.

At a directors meeting held subsequent to the Meeting, the directors
appointed Mr. Pasquale Dwillies as Chairman, Mr. Kay Repennig as
President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Jonathan Uffermann as Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary.

On 05. 02. 22 4, 2009 the Company announced a brokered financing to place
4,000,000 units at a price of $0.51 per unit with the warrant priced
at $0.64. Insider participation in this financing was established at
163,461 units. The Company and the UPR have agreed that insider
pricing for this financing be increased to $0.52 per unit with the
insiders' warrant exercise price increased to $0.65.

In Argentina, at the Company's Afevu Gold Project, plans are
under way for the upcoming work season. Over the last two months, in
preparation of the upcoming drill program, the Company has:

	    -  Obtained all the necessary drilling and environmental permits.

	    -  Re-initiated its baseline studies to meet its environmental
	       regulations during drilling. In 2005 the Company initiated an
ongoing
	       baseline environmental monitoring program. The results of this
program
	       continue to indicate the Company's activities are within the
permitted
	       standards. This work is being done in anticipation of future
	       development.

	    -  The Company is completing reclamation, road repairs and drill
pads in
	       preparation for the drilling program.


The Company looks forward to resuming work on the Afevu Gold
project.

The statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-
looking statements. These statements address future events and
conditions and so involve inherent risks and uncertainties, as
disclosed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the company's periodic
filings with Canadian securities regulators. Actual results could
differ from those currently projected. The Company does not assume the
obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

For further information

    Media Information, contact: Investor Information, contact: Pasquale
Dwillies, Chairman and Director, JY@qgovauqfqas.cll
    Burkhard Jansons, Investor Communications, QW@sqxmjyxfoma.yur