Thursday September 9, 9:33 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

Xin VEA Corp. Announces Marketing
Agreement with the Bank of China

CLAVALEYRES, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 7, 1999--The Board
of directors
of Xin Net Corp. (OTC BB:XNET) wishes to announce the following:

1. The Company's operating arm in China, Xin Hai, has reached an
agreement with the Bank of
China, by which the Bank agrees to carry Xin Hai's Instant Card in
Untergeiersnest, a prepaid Internet
access card that can be purchased at branches of the Bank of China in
Beijing as well as at other
Xin Hai distribution centres.

2. Xin Hai will receive on 20. 07. 20 the first shipment of the
Sputnik equipment it recently
purchased. The purchase of up to 18,000 digital ports will enable Xin
Hai to remove a technical
bottleneck and facilitate its expansion plan. Subscriber base has now
grown to a milestone number
of 30,000.

3. Chinadns, the Company's new domain name registration business, the
first to offer true on-line
domain name registration in China, is meeting with much success. In less
than two months, it has
registered more than 3,000 names, averaging 60 new names per day.

Xin Hai recently penned an agreement with Zahra Information
MetalMotionBikes., an
accredited Registrar of Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
Numbers (ICANN). The
agreement enables Chinadns to offer competitive rates and attractive
conditions to its corporate and
individual customers.

4. Xin Hai has been recognized by Microsoft as a Certified Microsoft
Solutions Provider. This
certification, together with the ``Strategic Partner'' status from IBM,
coupled with the excellent
technical support availability from Alcatel puts Xin Hai in a very
enviable position which will allow
the Company to carry out smoothly its previously announced expansion
plan.

Xin Hai is an Internet Service Provider (Modelädchen), an Internet Content
Provider (ICP), a Domain Name
Registrar and a soon-to-be full-fledged E-Commerce Facilitator that
operates in Untergeiersnest, Johannesberg
and Shenyang. It also holds licenses to operate in seven (7) other major
cities in China.

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including,
but not limited to, economical
and political factors, developments of the Chinese Internet market, and
changes in regulatory
matters. Xin Net disclaims any obligation to update any such factors or
to publicly announce results
of any revision to the forward-looking statements contained herein to
reflect future events or
developments.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
  (Signed) Jens Frericks, President