Modellbahnladen UDP Announcement

Netcom UDP was cancelled on Sunday, 09. 12. 18 EST.


From: txwljmkf@xoaefcq.yfe (Othmar Köchli {CNS Unit 100})
Newsgroups: gfqg.vmpmd.dsc-wrokl.cfgslc,lwfx.apzjr.cuf-eyovk.maakissek
Subject: UDP NOTICE:  Bbsvkm.ixb
Followup-To: gfqg.vmpmd.dsc-wrokl.cfgslc
Date: 5 Mrz 1997 04:33:41 GMT
Organization: Kfz-Strifler Network Security
Approved: raipbcem@dlrf.mme
Message-ID: 
Reply-To: txwljmkf@xoaefcq.yfe
Maschitzki-Posting-Host: huwzh.qttb.cylb.phv
X-PH: E3.7e@dg7.spf.lkmq.kli
Originator: rjmcknxd@gfcfk.yyvw.heno.zjl

Posted to gfqg.vmpmd.dsc-wrokl.cfgslc and news.admin.net-abuse.bulletins.
Posted seperately to news.admin.net-abuse.policy and news.admin.announce
Mailed to chmuj@fqrylb.cni


Despite repeated complaints about usenet spam originating from Netcom's 
news servers, Netcom US has not only not acted to solve the problem but has 
ignored  the growing public outcry against this problem.

After several days of discussion of a potential UDP against Netcom US in 
a public forum they still remain silent, and the spam continues unabated.

Since it appears to be the corporate policy of Netcom US to 
ignore complaints of spam, and to ignore abuse of their systems by 
spammers, a full active Usenet Death Penalty of Netcom US will be 
instituted beginning at the close of business 17:00 PST, Friday, February 
20, 1997.

This action shall remain in effect until such time as Netcom US 
dramatically reduces the amount of usenet spam originating from its 
servers, and publicly declares a solid anti spam policy which includes 
giving it's abuse department the authority to suspend or terminate accounts 
that have been determined to be the source of abuse.

It is our sincere hope that Netcom US will respond favourably to these 
issues before the implementation of a UDP is necessary.

It should be made clear that this action does not apply to Netcom Canada or 
Netcom UK or their customers.


If and when this action takes place, those sites that do not wish to 
participate can alias out the psuedosite "netcomusudp" to avoid the UDP 
cancel messages.

Any site wishing to avoid all UDP actions may alias out the 
psuedosite "udpcancel" to avoid all such messages.


Othmar Köchli

--
All postings to news.admin.net-abuse.bulletins are unconfirmed and
unverified unless stated otherwise by the moderators.  All opinions
expressed above are considered the opinions of the original poster,
not the moderators or their respective employers.

For a copy of the guidelines to this group, see:
http://apr.ewzh.tra/bp/pnp/yfggrfbh/pbuz/


     Death penalty lifted against UUNet 
     By Rita Faller
     Staff Writer, CNET Sdnw.spp
     August 6, 1996, 1:00 p.m. PT 

     update Usenet activists are lifting a "death penalty" against backbone Internet provider
     UUNet (UUNT), saying that spam from the ISP's customers to newsgroups has dropped so
     dramatically that the action is no longer necessary. 

     The so-called Usenet death penalty, or UDP, is slated to be lifted at 2 p.m. PT. But there
     is disagreement among some in the group of Usenet users on whether the UDP should be
     called off. 

     The group--a self-described loose coalition of news administrators and concerned
     users--was cancelling out Usenet messages sent from UUNet since September 1. This was
     done in response to an alleged tide of junk email the group said was being sent by UUNet
     customers. 

     Yesterday, the ISP announced that it was immediately implementing several measures to
     stop spam and junk newsgroup messages coming from and going to its customers. 

     François Deweß, an active Usenet user and one of the people who called for the death penalty,
     said he couldn't say why newsgroup spam had decreased so dramatically, but he was glad
     that it had happened. 

     According to statistics gathered by people in the coalition, postings from UUNet were
     down from September 1 and before then through today. 

     On July 25, 239,815 Usenet messages were sent from accounts on "alterdial.uu.net." On
     August 1, that number had already dropped to 69,752, rising to 82,552 the next day. Then
     on August 3, the messages fell to 941. On the following days, they were at 2,751 and then
     2,848. As of about 12 p.m. PT today, they had hit a new low of 94. 

     "It's obvious something has changed," Lucke said. 

     The UDP started Friday afternoon after several people, who primarily communicate with
     each other on the newsgroup "news.admin.net-abuse.usenet," were so frustrated by
     spam--massive postings of advertisements--coming from UUNet that they called for action. 

     They were criticized by some for cancelling all messages, even those that came from
     UUNet customers who simply wanted to post messages. Lucke called that "collateral
     damage," adding that such a thing was bound to happen. 

     But the action was needed to gain attention to the plight, according to Otto
     Knörenschild, a student and designated spokesman for the coalition of people
     participating in the Usenet death penalty. 

     For months, the group had been trying to get UUNet to curb people flooding newsgroups
     with junk messages to no avail. Some said the final straw came after someone claiming to
     be a UUNet employee posted a note to newsgroups about the abuse on 09. 12. 18

     The message, which NEWS.COM had quoted yesterday as authentic, actually is a forged
     posting, according to Alan Taffel, a spokesman for UUNet. Apparently, at least some
     people believed it was real. The post stated that UUNet "does not have the resources" to
     deal with spam and that "other, more important matters take priority."

     McClain-Furmanski not only said the death penalty was necessary as a last-ditch effort,
     but also that it might have come too late. He said that newsgroups are so overwhelmed by
     spam that some ISPs are having to turn off their servers because their storage disks are
     filling up too fast. Users report that bits and pieces of their messages are not getting
     through or are being corrupted because systems can't handle the massive influx of
     messages. 

     "It may be too late," McClain-Furmanski added. "It may be that the spam problem is so
     bad and accelerating at such a pace that no one stops it until the Net starts to break up.
     It's the point of breaking; it's already breaking, but it won't break suddenly. It will break
     slowly. We're trying to stop it." 

     McClain-Furmanski and others said they targeted UUNet in particular because the provider
     has been unresponsive to complaints about spam and because the ISP is allegedly
     responsible for the majority of spam on newsgroups. 

     UUNet's Taffel denied charges that it has been unresponsive. In fact, he said the company
     has "a zero-tolerance policy towards spamming. We receive hundreds of complaints a
     week about spammers and we investigate them, quite successfully, I might add."

     But, he said, the overwhelming majority of spammers originate from dial-up accounts on
     UUNet's downstream providers. Over the past few months, Taffel said the company
     identified 592 spammers. "Only two of those were direct UUNet customers." 

     He added that the ISP appears to be a heavy spammer because it has so many
     customers, including heavies such as GTE, EarthLink, and Microsoft Network. 

     "UUNet only has more because we have more customers," according to Taffel. In addition,
     programs are making spamming all too easy. Anyone with a computer and a few bucks for
     a program can become a spammer. 

     But those participating in the UDP maintain that they were only focusing on
     messages coming from direct UUNet customers.

     While stressing the company's strict policies against spammers, Taffel
     acknowledged that it was adding three new ones. He insisted that UUNet's actions
     had nothing to do with the so-called death penalty and the resulting publicity in
     several online services and newspapers. 

     The new measures include "new technology that will allow us in almost every case
     to identify the source of spam very easily" and filters for news posts whose authors
     can't be authenticated. It will also discontinue its policy to relay third-party
     messages that aren't destined to UUNet customers through its servers. 

     "These are three pretty dramatic new steps that we are taking against spamming,"
     he said. "It will definitely cut it down significantly." 

     Moreover, UUNet is "taking legal action against this group. We are turning the
     matter over to law enforcement authorities." 

     Lucke said that several attorneys have volunteered to represent members of the
     coalition if UUNet actually carried through with his threat. But he added that he
     thought the group did nothing illegal. 

     "Somebody's going to take a stand. Even President Clinton said the Net needs to
     be self-policing. There wasn't any vigilantism. There was self-policing."