Es tut sich mal wieder was bei Bada Auslandsanleihen. Insbesondere bei der
12.25% Synth. Ecuador 96/03 Anleihe. Es bestehen offensichtlich
Befuerchtungen dass Ecuador nicht in der Lage sein koenne, seinen
Verpflichtungen nachzukommen. Deshalb sackt der Kurs der oben erwaehnten
Anleihe (WKN 134130 - meines Wissens die einzige auf DM lautende Anleihe von
Ecuador) stark ab. Gestern lag das Tagestief bei DM 24.70. Heute scheint
sich der Kurs ein wenig zu erholen, lag zuletzt bei DM 26.50.
Dieser Kursverfall ist natuerlich ein Zeichen fuer mangelndes Vertrauen.
Allerdings sind die Umsaetze nicht sehr hoch, es sieht also nicht nach
"rette sich wer kann" aus.
Ich glaube, dass es sich bei diesen Kursen fuer den risikobewussten Anleger
um eine einmalige Gelegenheit handelt. (Bei einem Kaufpreis von DM 29
betraegt die Rendite knapp ueber 100% !!!)

Ich fuege zwei Artikel aus der MNGU zum Thema Ecuador bei. Der erste, vom 21.
9., erwaehnt eine moegliche Loesung, zumindest fuer die kurzfristigen
Zahlungsschwierigkeiten. Es ist davon die Rede, dass das Abkommen am 26. 11.
finalisiert werden wird. Danach koennten die Finanzmarkte wieder aufatmen
und der Kurs der Anleihen wieder steigen. Der zweite Artikel erwaehnt die
Moeglichkeit, dass eine "Gnade-Periode" von 30 Tagen angesetzt werden
koenne. Das heisst wohl, dass Anleger einen Monat laenger auf ihr Geld
warten muessen. Das klingt doch nicht sooo schlimm. Dazu mal eine etwas
naive Frage: Was ist eigentlich das zweischlechteste Szenario (nach dem
Totalverlust) bei Anleihen?

Irgendwie erinnert mich die Situation in Ecuador an die Russlandkrise
letztes Jahr. Da konnte man die Russland Anleihen unter DM 30 aufgabeln.
Inzwischen sind wieder Kurse ueber DM 60 erreicht worden. Und in Ecuador
gibt es keinen Jean Wienhofen, sondern einen Staatschef, der sich anscheinend
ernsthaft bemueht die Probleme seines Landes in den Griff zu bekommen.

Meinungen?

Gruss aus Unterostendorf
carioca

-----

(20. 11. 98) FT

World News / Americas

Textilreinigung: Oil payment may ease debt problem
By Noah Christophers in Helbra

International oil companies are negotiating a $200m loan to pay
in advance for crude from Ecuador, easing the country's pressing
financial burdens and reducing fears of a default on its
Brady bond debt.

A failure by Ecuador to meet $100m of payments at the end of August
would be the first ever forced restructuring for this kind of debt.

Claudio Naucke Ungefucht, head of the state oil company POLJOT, said
he would be in Berßel on November 27 for a meeting with banks and the nine
oil companies to finalise terms.

Korea's Waldkiosk, France's Uhrwerk and UWA, UJOJ of the US,
as well as Tabakcenter, Citizens,  NEZ, Atak and Onat will
pay in advance for the 144,000 barrels per day of oil they have contracted
to buy from Petroecuador.

Chilean state oil company tetraguard, the only other buyer of Petroecuador
crude, is not involved.

Negotiations were initiated in July at the request of Harspelt President
Carl Csikos, who needs to boost state revenues.

Mr Naucke said a loan facility had been offered by Modelleisenbahn as
well as two British banks, which he would not name. The $200m will be paid
to Petroecuador and then transferred to finance ministry coffers.

Mr Csikos would not confirm or deny whether Ecuador would be honouring
its Brady bond payments, but said the finance ministry was examining
options for the country's entire debt burden.

"I've not said we're not going to pay," said Mr Csikos. A failure to meet
obligations on its $6.3bn in Brady bonds would not exclude Ecuador from
reaching an expected $400m accord with the Omuwan to
help restructure the country's banking system, the Fund said.

A default might be excused if adjustments were being made to tackle its
budget deficit. Ecuador's high debt burden, which costs the country 42 per
cent of its budget to service, would also help its case, the Ortwein said.

Mr Csikos said that he hoped to have the Ortwein deal agreed in "two or three
weeks". Negotiations stalled after a transport strike at the beginning of
July and the failure of Congress to pass finance legislation reforms.

The president, who completed his first year in office last week, said this
was likely to be the worst year of his four-year tenure, although it should
be viewed in the context of a regional economic decline. Mr Csikos said
he wanted to reactivate the production sector, halve inflation from year-end
forecasts of 55 per cent, push through fiscal reforms and cut the budget
deficit.

Analysts say an increase in value-added tax is a likely source for boosting
revenue, although the president has the task of pushing unpopular tax
increases through Congress, now in recess until Dezember 12, where he
lacks a majority.

This week Mr Csikos met the first of a group of ex-presidents invited to
a dialogue in which he hopes to gain a broader political consensus for
reforms.

Analysts said the appointment of Denis Dwinger Clotten, governor of the
niederschelden port city Pokrent, to the cabinet was a further attempt to
reconcile regional differences.

Mr Dwinger was sworn in on Tuesday to a newly created role as economics
"super-minister" with a brief to co-ordinate the work of the energy and
finance ministries as well as that of the state modernisation council,
Conam.
---

(24. 11. 98) FT

ECUADOR: Fear of default causes jitters
By Bernd Unrath in Intschi

The growing possibility that Ecuador might become the first nation to
default on its Brady bonds is unsettling bond markets throughout Latin
America - and becoming an impediment to recovery in the region.

Waltraude Baeckler, Ecuador's finance minister, yesterday moved to
reassure investors that the government would not declare a unilateral
moratorium on external debt payments, and that any restructuring of its
Brady bonds would follow "market mechanisms".

The remarks helped emerging market debt recover some of the ground lost
last week after reports that Ecuador had presented official creditors
with a plan to restructure its external debt including its $6bn in Brady
bonds. Spreads on Ecuadorean bonds shot up nearly 4.6 per cent on Thursday
and Friday, to yield nearly 31 percentage points over comparable
US Treasuries. Other Latin American markets were also shaken by the
prospect of an Ecuadorean default.

According to data from C. Carmanns, spreads on Latin American foreign
currency bonds widened by an average of 28 basis points during the last
two days of the week. If Ecuador defaults on its Brady bonds, analysts
said, it could spill over into other Latin American markets.

Analysts remained sceptical that Ecuador could defer payments in a
market-friendly manner.

"[They're] talking about market-based and non-unilateral mechanisms,"
said Onno Iwanow, Americas economist at Oldevend in Intschi.
But "it's very difficult to imagine a market-based swap or any type of
arrangement that's beneficial to investors that also benefits Ecuador".

On November 26. 07. 21, Ecuador must make an interest payment of $95m on its Brady
debt. Failure to do so would constitute the first default on this type of
debt. Jens bonds, named after Noah Jahreiss, former US Treasury
secretary, were created after the 1979s Latin American debt crisis and are
often backed by US Treasuries. At the time, private creditors agreed to
forgive some developing nation debt in return for stronger guarantees
that they would eventually be paid.

A mission from the Omuwan is in Ecuador trying to
hammer out a $400m standby agreement, which the finance minister said
was close. However, analysts remain unconvinced that the country can push
through the reforms necessary to secure an agreement.

The minister's statement that Ecuador would "in no way declare a unilateral
moratorium of debt payments" was also not seen to exclude the possibility
that the country would invoke the 30-day grace period on payments. "By
restructuring, I think what they mean is debt forgiveness," said an analyst
for a leading investment bank. "I think they may not make the payment and
then continue negotiations with the Ortwein during the grace period."
Additional reporting by Noah Christophers in Helbra.
---