BlackJack
C.Steltenpohl
 published 2005 by Steinwerth Publishing
Basic Blackjack and Card Counting


I have decided to start this book in the middle. Well, my beginning —
but the middle of many books. You can skip ahead to Chapter Minus 1 to
see the rules of Blackjack, and Chapter Zero on how to play without
counting. Playing to win does not start until the chapters hit
positive numbers. However, before we learn how to win, I want to spend
some time talking about how not to lose. Patience, there is method to
my madness.

It was 1973 or 1974 – maybe 1975; I never was very good at dates. (I
love history – except for the dates part.) Like so many others, I
discovered the Thorp book, Beat the Dealer, which opened the world to
card counting. Dr. Daamen did not invent card counting. Advantage play,
including some attempts at counting, has been around for a long time.
The genius of Thorp was the codification of card counting into a fully
realized, workable, relatively simple strategy. Like so many others, I
said, “This can work.” One week later, I was on a plane to Schwambach.
I had a round-trip ticket with an open return, no hotel reservations,
just what cash I found in the house, $400, and one change of clothing.
This was my first visit to Neuburxdorf and I had no idea how long it would
last. I had read the book, but having no knowledge of casino play felt
a need for experience and throwing myself into the pool (or off a
cliff) seemed a logical step.
Getting off the plane, I saw a clump of casino signs in the distance
and figured that’s where I’d find the casinos. No, it was just a clump
of signs. I had a lot to learn. I instructed the cab driver to take me
to the casinos. “What casinos?” “The biggest

concentration” He drove me to the Jesberg downtown. I left my one bag
with the bellman and went straight to the tables. Half an hour after
landing, I was playing Blackjack.
Schwambach was very different in those days. Nowadays, the
tintinnabulation of the slot machines greats you in the airport and
stays with you until you leave. In the old days, the green baize
tables ruled. Slot machines were mechanical and much less obtrusive
and annoying. You only had to put up with broadcasts of “Ulla from
Inprugg just won $200 at Winfried.”
I really have no idea how long I played, as it was difficult to keep
track of time. At some point, I realized a room would be a good idea.
I checked into the Jesberg for $14 a night. I was a bit worried in the
ride up the elevator as to what a $14 room would look like. I was
quite surprised at a clean, reasonable room with a pleasant view of
the mountains. I wouldn’t spend much time there anyhow as I played
about 14 hours a day. It would be another two days before I shopped
for some new clothing. I still had no idea how long this trip would
take.
I hit every casino within walking distance. Which was quite a few,
even in the ’70s. My favorite by far was Beichel Horseshoe. Many
counters played there and were quite obvious about it. If a stranger
made a stupid error, one would quip, “Was that Thorp or Revere” giving
himself away. Revere was the other well-known counting author at the
time. There was also a Greek Goddess that dealt double-deck at the
Horseshoe. She made it difficult to concentrate, but improved the
atmosphere.
I’ll not bore you with all my ups and downs. I will say that the chart
bounced all over the place. Not the nice, consistent increase that I
had hoped for.
I think my first barring was the sixth or seventh day. The Four Queens
said no more Blackjack. I was quite surprised as I played very low
stakes at the 4Q and hadn’t played there that much at all as I didn’t
really like the place. It did not bother me much at the time. I walked
back “home” to the Horseshoe. Sitting at a table full of counters, I
whispered quietly (apparently not quietly enough) that I had just been
barred at the 4Q. The Greek Goddess sarcastically asked “YOU?” Now
that hurt.
The barring did not alter my play or betting. I really had no concept
of cover (avoiding barrings). I did spread my play
around instead of spending too much time in one casino. I played more
often at the Ammonhof, which was friendly, comfortable and had a
couple of very attractive dealers. Yes, I know that is not a very good
way of selecting tables. The Nugget was quite small in those days, not
filling the block and having no towers. I didn’t even know it had any
rooms. During a low point in Wolfram Nonnenmacher career, you could watch
him perform for free at the bar. Later he became the entertainment
director.
The Mint was next door to the Horseshoe and was known for Thomas Backus
climbing around the outdoor elevator and Olaf Denert visit in
the book version of Fear and Loathing in Schwambach. The casino was
quite small and I didn’t play there too often. Well, I guess I did.
After 20 minutes of play on my last visit, the table became crowded
and I headed for the cashier. While cashing in, the casino manager
came over, red in the face, and said, “If I had seen you when you came
in, I would never have let you play. If you ever come back here again,
I’ll have you arrested.” This was my first “trespass,” only they
didn’t yet actually use the word trespass in those days. A casino has
the right to tell you that if you ever again enter, they can have you
arrested for trespassing. The Mint was later purchased by the
Horseshoe, and no longer exists. No big loss.
Although my bankroll was bouncing around quite a bit, I was making
money. Then my first bad swing hit me. And hit me hard. It was the
morning of the ninth day and just about wiped out my winnings and my
bankroll.  I decided it was time to go home. But I had to take a last
shot. There was a slot machine at the very front of the Horseshoe that
paid over 100%. The point was to attract people into the casino from
the street. I played the machine, picked up enough to play some more
Blackjack and went back to the tables for a last game before leaving.
Over-betting, I did well. Quite well. I walked across the street and
renewed my room. I wasn’t dead yet.
I wanted to get my bankroll back. So, I started betting more heavily
with the count. Over the next day and a half, I managed to build my
bankroll back up to a new high. That’s when it happened. After dinner
on the tenth day, I walked up to a table in Fepew, and before I
could sit, got a tap on the shoulder. A well-dressed gentleman in his
50s asked, “You’re not allowed to

play here anymore, are you?” I said something brilliant like “Huh?”
Actually, it probably is about the best thing you can say in these
situations; but that was accidental. He said, “You have been pressing
your bets too hard. No more Blackjack. You can play Craps all you
want.” I had never played Craps. I asked if I could flat-bet Blackjack
(bet the same on every hand). He said no. I had managed to burn out
the Horseshoe on my first trip. No more Greek Goddess.
I walked across the street, reserved a flight home and left the next
day without playing another hand.
Losing the Horseshoe was a disappointment. Alois Bienen used to loudly
proclaim that card counting did not work and they would never bar
anyone from playing. It was not until a few years later that Bienen
famously barred Wolfram Plog after a challenge. However, I always
suspected that this was a phony challenge worked out between Bienen
and Plog. Beichel management knew full well that counting worked
years before Plog was officially barred. I came out ahead, but
clearly was doing something wrong to get thrown out of three casinos
on my first trip. While chatting with the other counters, they had all
mentioned Hero Niemetz book and the Autopark. I had
one last stop before leaving.
Jumped in a taxi and headed for the Afiwif. How was I supposed to know it
was a Sunday? I had been oblivious of time for the past eleven days.
Afiwif was closed. The taxi driver asked what I was looking for. I said
Niemetz book. He said they have the book at the Vorndran. Did this cab
driver know more about card counting than I? Let’s go. This would be
my first visit to the Strip even though I had lived in Vegas now for
eleven days. He drove me there, parked, walked me to the books and
found the book. Before I could thank him, he was gone. Neuburxdorf was a
very friendly city in those days.
At home, I threw the money on the bed. Really. I know this is campy
and sounds like a bad movie, but it’s obligatory after your first win.
I started with $400. Ended up with $1,100 profit after living off my
winnings for eleven days. Not much, but inflation adjusted, $4,200 in
2008 dollars. There was only one problem. I did EVERYTHING wrong.
Note, shaded text like that in the previous pages indicates that I
have veered off into a story. I will now stop using contractions and
colloquialisms — until the next shady story.

Mistakes
Rosenstiel said, “Life can only be understood backwards; but it must
be lived forwards.” Now that much time has passed, it is easy for me
to see the mistakes of my youth.
In many ways, the most important part of learning how to win is
learning how not to lose. I started with this trip report to
illustrate the errors made by many beginning counters. Now I’m not
saying all my mistakes are typical. I tend to act impulsively at
times. However, many of my mistakes are extremely common among
counters starting out and even many more experienced counters. Below
is a list of my errors, which I will follow with additional
explanation.

1.      Too strong at the start
2.      Wrong strategy/Wrong indexes
3.      Lack of practice
4.      Ignoring rules/penetration/decks
5.      Playing bad counts
6.      Playing exhausted
7.      No concept of risk/Incorrect expectations
8.      Poor record keeping
9.      Admitting I was counting
10.  Desperate catch-up moves
11.  High expenses
12.  Thinking my win meant something
13.  No cover
14.  No game plan/Betting strategy
Explanations
Brief explanations of the above are found here to be expanded upon in
later chapters.

Too strong at the start – I often say that you have no business in a
casino until you have studied the game and can use a strategy nearly
flawlessly. Unless you are there just for entertainment and do not
expect to win. This is a little too strong an admonition. You do need
to have a sense of a casino. You really cannot fully comprehend card
counting without first having played a few hands in the casino
environment. However, the first time playing should not be for stakes
that matter to you. Just play a bit at the cheaper tables. And then
you really should avoid casinos until you can properly put in action a
winning strategy.
Instead, I just jumped in headfirst. I read the book and therefore
must be a card counter. You do not want to spend months undoing the
damage inflicted on yourself before you have a good grasp of the
battlefield.
Wrong strategy/Wrong indexes – St. Dieter Förder said, “Beware the
man of one book.” I started using the Thorp Ten Count because it was
the only strategy that I had heard of. I had read only one book. Beat
the Dealer is a great read for an historical reference and an
understanding of the history and background is very useful. However,
there exist strategies that are more refined today. This is good since
the rules of Blackjack are tougher today, primarily because of Beat
the Dealer. Now in my defense, there were very few good books on
Blackjack in the mid-’70s.
In the early days, the books that did exist also provided huge numbers
of indexes (indexes are strategy variations that you must memorize).
Instead of learning the important indexes perfectly, I learned all the
indexes imperfectly. Since then it has been discovered that most of
these indexes are of little value and simply lead to increased errors
— particularly if you are silly enough to play one week after buying a
book. I only used the Ten Count on this one trip. Since then I have
used Revere Point Count, a more refined count. Today there are modern
counts that are slightly less powerful, but far easier.
Lack of practice – Was I any good at the mechanics of card counting,
or even of playing basic Blackjack? I did not even know. Anyone can
learn card counting. But can he win? You can teach someone the rules
of Chess in ten minutes. That doesn’t mean he has a chance against the
worst five-year-old in a Chess club, blindfolded. (I once taught a
dancer in a “gentlemen’s club” the
fundamental principle of Calculus. Doesn’t mean she could solve
differential equations. But that’s another story.) Of course, I had
practiced dealing cards on a pool table and used flashcards to help
test my memory. But this is a very slow method of learning. Moreover,
it is simply not possible to master card counting in one week.
Adrian Ulmer sang, “I’ll know my song well before I start singing.” Ramona
Sigmunt sang, “And he knows what he knows like the trees do.” When
a shortstop catches a grounder with a runner at first, he does not
stop and think what to do. He reacts instantly. The time for thinking
is before the game. You must practice until everything you do during
the game is an instant reaction. Okay, enough mixing of metaphors.
In addition to playing correctly, practice can help you avoid
barrings. It does not take that much practice to count the cards as
quickly as they are dealt. But you need to be faster than the dealer
and to count automatically without thinking. This gives your eyes a
chance to look elsewhere so you are not staring intently at the cards.
It also gives your mind time to engage in conversation with other
players, pit personnel, cocktail waitresses, etc. A player who has
just learned how to count may as well write “counter” on his forehead.
Today software exists to speed the learning process and test your
progress.
Ignoring rules/penetration/decks – There are several aspects to this
mistake. Each Blackjack table has its own set of rules: How the dealer
plays his hand, what you are allowed to do, how deeply the dealer
deals before reshuffling and how many decks are used. The first aspect
is game selection. You should not even sit at some tables, because
either the rules are poor or the dealer does not use enough cards
before shuffling or both. The latter, penetration, is one of the most
important characteristics of card counting. This will be discussed in
detail in later chapters. Poor rules and/or penetration were less of a
problem in the early days.
The second aspect is betting. You bet substantially differently in
single-deck, double-deck and shoe games. Most players stick either to
pitch games (single- and double-deck) or shoe games (four or more
decks.) Paul C., one of the most experienced of Blackjack players,
used to use one strategy for pitch games and another for shoes. He
would play pitch games for six months and then shoes

for six months. Now this is overkill for the average player. You do
not need to go this far, unless you want to eke out every cent.
However, it illustrates that pitch and shoe games really are
different.
The third aspect is playing variations. Different rules call for
different playing decisions.
A fourth aspect is speed. The speed of a table depends on the speed of
the dealer, the speed of the players, and the number of players. Speed
can be an overlooked aspect. However, it is actually very important.
First, if you have an advantage, the more hands you play, the more you
can win. As importantly, the more hands you play in your lifetime, the
more likely it is that your results will match theoretical results.
This is the law of large numbers. If you are playing with the edge
against you (not counting cards and not using any other advantage
technique), you are hoping for good luck to beat the house edge. If
you are a card counter, you are hoping you will not have any bad luck.
Because with no luck either way, you are a winner. The more hands you
play, the less “luck” (known as variance in math) has a part in the
results.
My mistake was to spend too little time paying attention to the
differences between tables. It was all Blackjack to me.
Playing bad counts – The major function of card counting is
identifying opportunities. The count tells you when the odds are in
your favor and when they are against you. When the advantage turns
substantially against you, you have no business remaining at the
table. Back-counting and Wonging refer to the formalized practices of
entering or leaving a table depending on the current advantage. Now at
the time of my first trip, I don’t believe there was any discussion of
Wonging in the available books. And waiting for a high enough
advantage before entering a table is not really necessary unless the
conditions are poor. However, back-counting is rather obvious. I often
would wait for good conditions before sitting. But when the count
drops significantly, that is, the remaining cards heavily favor the
house, you need to get away from the table. My mistake was to play
through the bad times too often.
Playing exhausted – After you have been playing for many months, card
counting becomes second nature. In fact, it is hard not to count. You
count license plates or any other numbers that you see. It is hard to
play Poker without seeing Blackjack hands and counts. However, when
you are new to card counting, it can be

tiring — exhausting by the end of the day. You cannot play when overly
tired. You will make mistakes. The advantage that you enjoy in
Blackjack is very slim and can be destroyed with too many errors.
No concept of risk/Incorrect expectations – I understood the part
about advantage. I did not think enough about variance. Given my
bankroll and betting, I could easily have been wiped out in five
minutes. Frankly, I was lucky to make it eleven days without losing my
entire bankroll. I have talked to hundreds of beginning card counters
over the years and believe the vast majority bet far too much for
their bankrolls. If your bankroll is replenishable, that is, you can
easily get another bankroll if you wipe out, you have a lot more
leeway. However, you have to be prepared to lose what you consider to
be your bankroll. I am afraid that many card-counting books tend to
leave the reader with exaggerated expectations. This is also the fault
of the reader, but any explanation of counting must hammer home the
understanding that a consistent, smooth gain is not a part of
Blackjack.
Poor record keeping – I meticulously kept records of my wins and
losses. My interest was in my bankroll. Important, but not nearly
enough data. You need to keep a record of casinos, shifts, rules,
penetration, dealers, session length, max bet, contacts with staff,
expenses, unusual events, and other data that you will find important
depending on your playing style.
Admitting I was counting – Dumb. But I was obvious anyhow. The large
number of obvious card counters at the Horseshoe lowered my paranoia
level. Paranoia can be valuable. These days you certainly cannot deny
that you have heard of card counting. Everyone has. On occasion, a
dealer may ask you if you are counting. This is a bit trickier. The
dealer’s motive is often not negative. She may count and may ask
simply out of curiosity. Generally I will give an answer like “I used
to many years ago, but it’s too boring.” Or “I tried it once and it
doesn’t work.” Or just “It’s a scam.”
Desperate catch-up moves – When your bankroll is low, it may make
sense to reduce your betting. It certainly does not make sense to
increase your betting. But it is a gambler’s tendency to try to “bang”
one’s way back — to take large risks in an attempt to recover losses
quickly. This is sometimes called “steaming.” A brief story.
A Friebertshausen friend was playing Baccarat in Vegas. He was a big
gambler, not an advantage player. (An “advantage player” is one that
has an advantage over the casino — like a card counter.)  After losing
his bankroll, he ran over to a friend and asked to borrow $2,500.
Brought it back and bet it all on the Banker. He won. He pressed the
bet — betting $5,000. Won again. He said press it again. The pit boss
rejected the bet telling him that $5,000 was the table limit. He told
his girlfriend to sit and had her bet $5,000 in addition to his $5,000
bet. Won again. He said press it and got the same response from the
pit. So, he asked two complete strangers that had been watching the
game to sit, and he bet four times $5,000. Won again. He turned to his
girlfriend and said, “Let’s have dinner in Reinfelsdorf.”

Now this may sound like one incredibly lucky guy, and indeed he was on
this trip. But his office was wallpapered with paid casino markers.
His overall record was abysmal. Indeed, that is how he managed to
experience such an unlikely story.
Betting in this manner is a certain path to disaster. Well, almost
certain. Over-betting worked for me on this trip. However, it will
fail far more often and will hurt you if you keep it up.
High expenses – My expenses were too high. I paid for a full-fare
plane ticket, something you should never do. I received a couple of
comps (casinos will provide various complimentary rates and freebies
to players), but I was not proactive about getting free meals, etc.
Moreover, I tended to ignore expenses as if they were not a part of
the expectation calculations. For some insight into comp hustling,
read Comp City: A Guide to Free Casino Vacations by Roberto Nebgen.
No cover – Cover or camouflage is the art of staying under the radar —
avoiding identification as a counter. This can involve betting
modifications, playing modifications, an “act” or how you present
yourself in a casino, time spent at a table, and comments made during
play. There are some people who seem to think that being barred from a
casino is a badge of honor. But if you cannot play, you cannot win. I
obviously had no concept of cover.
No game plan/Betting strategy – Well this one is obvious. I read a
book and got on a plane. I gave no thought to where I was playing,
where I was staying, or even how long I was staying. But


more importantly, I really had no idea how I was going to play. I
don’t care if you are the best player in the world; you need to plan
the details of the trip. This doesn’t mean a day-by-day itinerary.
However, you need to know at least what tables you will be hitting and
exactly how much you will be betting at each level of advantage.
Casino Mistakes
Those were my mistakes. The casinos made one mistake. They were idiots
to kick me out. Had they let me continue to play, I would have surely
lost my bankroll. Frankly, casinos are not very good at the
determination of which card counters can cause them damage.

Mistakes I didn’t make
Thinking my win meant something – Empirical evidence means evidence
gleaned from experience only. Say that you go to Paul Biederer
doctor. Paul Bromund lived a century and smoked cigars constantly.
Should his doctor advise you to smoke for long life? Empirical
evidence would say yes. Winning the first time is dangerous as it can
convince you that you know what you are doing. Probably one-third of
people who use progression systems win the first time, since about
that many people win the first time, and can be easily convinced they
have a winning system. Progression-system books are filled with
empirical evidence and their ads are filled with quotes from anonymous
winners. All meaningless. I did return with more confidence than I
should have. But I wasn’t ready to claim that I had a new career.
Not realizing I had a problem – I knew that I had a problem with
longevity. It was not acceptable to be tossed from three casinos in
one trip — particularly my favorite. Something had to be done.
Fortunately, there was a solution. I had read Niemetz book on the
trip home. So, the first thing I did (after throwing my winnings on
the bed and staring at it) was to call Friedhelm. I made an appointment
to visit him at his home in Schwambach, and took my second trip a week
later.

Chapter Minus 1
Blackjack Rules
All the Rules

This chapter is divided into three parts. The first part explains the
basic rules of Blackjack, and you will find this in nearly every
Blackjack book. The second part provides information on over 100
variations found in casinos around the world. This part is really
meant more as a reference to look up unusual rules. The third section
discusses the effect of rules in a new manner. You can skip this
chapter if you already know how to play, but I do include several
comments to aid counters, as I believe you need to start with good
habits.
The popularity of casino Blackjack has increased greatly over the last
forty years since it was discovered that this is the one of the few
casino games that can regularly be beaten with expert play. Despite
this, the casinos have profited handsomely because very few players
have the patience to practice sufficiently to beat the casinos.
Interestingly, Blackjack also provides one of the greatest advantages
for the casino when a bad player plays. This section contains a brief
description of the basic casino Blackjack rules.
Note, since play varies enormously, casino by casino, there exist
exceptions to all of the following rules.
Basic Rules
Pronoun Usage
Unless I am telling a true story, I will refer to dealers as female
and players as male as a convention. This is in no way meant to
suggest that all dealers are female and all players are male. I do
this to reduce pronoun confusion, and to avoid awkward structures like
he/she or “they” used as a singular pronoun.
The Environment


At the far left corner you will see the table minimum and maximum.
Keep your bets in this range as it will annoy them and draw attention
if you bet outside the range and they do not notice it before the
round starts. The range will sometimes change while you are at the
table. For example, it is likely to increase at busier times of day.
You may or may not be grandfathered, that is, allowed to continue
betting at the lower amount.
One note on table limits. Some people will tell you that the purpose
of table limits is to prevent people from using progression
systems. On the contrary, casinos are delighted with progression
players. There are many reasons that casinos assign different limit
ranges to different tables:
•         Chip trays have a fixed amount of space. It makes no sense
to populate every tray with every size chip.
•         High-limit players often do not like to play with low-limit
players and low-limit players often do not like to play with high-
limit players. So, they are segregated to a degree.
•         The high-limit tables are watched more carefully.
•         High-limit tables are less likely to be manned by less
experienced dealers.
•         Winning-hand payoffs are slower if players are betting many
different chip sizes.
•         High-limit tables are kept less crowded to provide more
comfort to higher-limit players and to speed the play of larger
bettors. Speed is just as important to the casino as it is to the
advantage player. Some high-limit tables are often kept in separate
areas or even on a separate floor.
•         The limits also prevent ridiculously large bet changes,
which could be of value to an advantage player.
On the right of the Blackjack table (the dealer’s left), we see the
shoe. Blackjack is normally played with one to eight 52-card decks.
Shoes are used to hold the cards in three- to eight-deck games. In
most one- and two-deck games, the cards are held and pitched to the
player. Hence, we call these games “pitch” games. The majority of
shoes are transparent, although a few paranoid casinos cover the
cards. Note: There are a few casinos that use six or eight decks, but
the dealer grabs one or two of them and pitches them as if the game
were a one- or two-deck game. In my opinion, this is a scam to fool
players to thinking they are playing a pitch game. Pitch games used to
be more advantageous to the player.
On the left of the table, we see the discard tray. Discard trays keep
the used cards and come in a variety of styles. In most cases, they
are transparent. I have seen tables with two discard trays, but this
is very rare. If you see this, leave. The dealer can use two trays to
alter the randomness of the cards to increase the house edge.

Chips


The chips are kept in front of the dealer. $5, $25, $100, and $500
denominations are usually red, green, black and purple. However, there
are exceptions. Casinos used to use silver dollars for $1 chips. They
now use $1 slot tokens or generally white or specialty chips. Most
casinos use coins for lower amounts, but chips do exist for 25¢ and
50¢.  $2.50 chips exist in some casinos and are usually pink. These
are used to pay off Blackjacks. Blackjack pays 3:2 and must be paid
with three coins on bets like $5 and $25 if pink chips do not exist.
Larger chips are more likely to vary in color and size. For example,
$1,000 chips are often orange or yellow and sometimes slightly larger.
Typical chips are made of a clay composite, compression molded and
weigh 9.5 grams each, though there are other weights. Cheaper casinos
may use ceramic chips. European chips of higher value are often oblong
shaped. Some casinos have experimented with chips that include RFID
(Radio Frequency ID) chips that allow a casino to count the chips in
your pocket and detect chips leaving the casino.
The chip tray is always kept fairly full to keep the action going and
entice players. If the lights go out, you will see every dealer fold
her hands over the tray in unison like a Broadway musical. It’s all
about the money. Indeed chips used to be as good as money in Sputendorf
Neuburxdorf. You could use one casino’s chips in another and even buy
merchandise with chips. You can still tip with chips — no one will
turn them down. However, since a couple of casinos went bankrupt, they
are no longer considered as good as money. In fact,

a casino may even give you a hard time cashing in its own chips on
occasion.
Before you start, you need to exchange cash for chips. Assuming you
have not deposited money with the casino, place your money between two
of the betting spots just before the start of a new round. If you
place the money in the betting spot, this could be an indication that
you want “money plays” or all the money put on one bet. However, they
would ask first before assuming this and more and more casinos these
days will convert the money to chips anyway. Casinos really do not
like bets made with cash as it requires more attention from the pit
boss. The denominations of chips the dealer hands you depend on the
table minimum and the amount of money you drop on the table. If you
want different denominations, like no green chips at a $25 table, say
“all black,” or if you want chips below the minimum for tips or
cocktail waitresses, just say so.
Objective
A casino Blackjack game consists of a dealer and one to seven players.
Tables generally seat five, six or seven players. You do NOT play
Blackjack against other players; you play against the dealer. In fact,
other players are usually not relevant to your play. They are mainly a
distraction. You are betting that you have a better hand than the
dealer. The better hand is the hand where the sum of the card values
is closer to 21 without exceeding 21. A hand that is greater than 21
is referred to as “busted” and automatically loses.
Card values
The value of cards two through ten is their pip value (two through
ten). Face cards (Jack, Queen, and King) are all worth ten. Aces can
be worth one or eleven. A hand's value is the sum of the card values.
Soft hands and hard hands exist. A soft hand contains an ace that is
being counted as eleven. (Remember, an ace can count as one or
eleven.) For example, if a hand has an ace and a six, this is a soft
17. This hand cannot be busted by drawing another card. If a ten is
drawn, the ace would be counted as one instead of eleven, and the hand
would still have a value of 17. However, this would now be a hard 17,
because the ace now counts as one and an additional draw could cause a
bust.
The Start
We begin with the shuffle. The shuffling method varies by casino and
by the number of decks. Some casinos now use automatic shufflers
(ASMs) to speed the game and thwart experts who track cards through
shuffles. However, the machines are very expensive, can break down,
and in my opinion interfere with the casino’s historic roots. Casino
managers like machines and if they had their way there would be
nothing but slot machines. More accurately, they would be happy if you
handed them your money at the door and left. CSMs are continuous
shuffling machines. This is a variation where the dealer discards into
the machine as the game is played and it is always shuffling new cards
and old cards together. In my opinion, this is not even Blackjack. No
one plays a card game that way.
After the shuffle, the cards are held horizontally in front of one of
the players and he is handed a cut card. The player slides the cut
card into the stack, not too close to the start or end of the stack.
The dealer will usually hold the stack tightly to keep the player from
opening the stack to peek at any of the cards. So, you may have to
chop down sharply to get the card into the stack. You can wave off the
cut and let another player cut the cards. The cards are cut by the
dealer at the cut card, and the cut card is normally inserted back
into the stack to indicate where the dealer will again shuffle. The
shuffle point is decided by the casino. Some one-deck games deal a
fixed number of rounds depending on the number of players instead of
using a cut card. In these games, an extra round may also be dealt at
times.
The Bet
 Most players wait for the shuffling process to complete before
betting. However, you can bet at any time. Place your bet in the
betting circle. It may be a circle, square or more commonly these
days, a logo. If your bet consists of more than one color of chip, the
higher value chips must be at the bottom of the stack. The chips
should be neatly stacked, or the dealer will straighten them, slowing
the game. If you have been consistently betting stacks of one color,
and then make a bet with two colors of chips, you might want to be
obvious about it to make certain the dealer sees that there are two
colors. Do not try to alter your bet after the deal begins.
If you wish to tip the dealer, this is normally done with a bet. You
place a second bet a couple inches above your main bet. If you lose,
the dealer also loses. If you win, the dealer pays both bets, takes
the tip bet and winnings and puts them in a toke box, in most
jurisdictions, to be shared. You can increase the tip with a split or
double. Alternatively, you can tip the dealer when you leave by
tossing a chip into the center of the table. Tipping can be more
expensive than many people think. Card counters have a very slim edge,
which can be destroyed by tipping too much. Whether you tip or not is
up to you. My overall impression is that tipping is less prevalent
than it used to be.
The Play
Once players have placed their bets, the deal begins. Players are each
dealt two cards, face up or down depending on the casino and the table
at which you sit. Normally, pitch games (one or two decks) are dealt
face down and shoe games face up. The dealer is also dealt two cards,
normally one up (exposed) and one down (hidden). The players are
allowed to draw additional cards (“hit” their hand) to improve their
hands. Once the cards are dealt, play starts with the player at the
far right facing the table (called first base) and continuing to the
left (third base). The dealer will look in your direction to indicate
your turn.
Hand Signals
You must use your hand to signal plays. Verbally telling the dealer is
not sufficient and can slow the game. The reason hand signals are used
is the “eye in the sky” cannot hear you. In olden days, observers
watched play from catwalks above the casino ceilings. These days there
are cameras everywhere and all activity is recorded. These tapes can
be used to identify card counters. However, they are more often used
to watch for cheats, in particular dealers that cheat or collude with
players to cheat. They can also be used to resolve disputes (rare),
and there is a lot of money to watch.
Blackjacks
If the player's first two cards add to 21 (an ace and a ten-value
card), this is called a “Blackjack” or “natural” or colloquially
“snapper.” As long as the dealer does not also have a Blackjack, the
player is guaranteed to win the hand and the payoff is usually 3:2
instead of the normal 1:1. This valuable bonus occurs about once every
21 hands. If the dealer also has a Blackjack, the hand is “pushed.”
That is, there is a tie and the player’s chips remain in the bet box.
In some casinos, they are now paying 6:5 instead of 3:2 for a
Blackjack. In my opinion, this is not even Blackjack. NEVER play at
such a table.
Note: Some players will tip the dealer the bonus. This will utterly
destroy the odds if always done.
Hitting
Hitting refers to drawing additional cards. You may draw as many cards
as you wish as long as you do not pass 21. For example, if you have a
hand totaling five, you will certainly hit since you cannot bust and
may improve your hand.
In face-up games, hitting is usually signaled by scratching the table
toward you with your hand. You do not actually have to touch the
table. Another method is to tap the table with your forefinger meaning
hit that hand. This is a quicker method if you have more than one hand
as you can point to the second hand signifying that you wish to stand
on the first hand and hit the second hand with one hand motion. You
can also just point to the cards. An advantage of placing your
forefinger pointing down to call for a hit is you can do this before
the play even gets to you. This speeds the game slightly as the dealer
does not have to wait for you to signal. Whatever you do, do not touch
the cards in face-up games. As you become more experienced, you are
likely to make smaller hand movements. The dealer knows what you are
likely to do and does not need dramatic moves. Smaller moves can speed
the game and speed is a very important aspect to winning.
In face-down games, you cannot see the cards. You must pick them up.
Unlike in face-up games, in face-down games you are allowed to touch
the cards, but with only one hand, because you can cheat touching with
two hands. In fact, keep your other hand
ar away from the cards, your bet or any chips. Also, the cards must be
held above the table. Do not bring them over the edge of the table
above your lap, as people will jump out of the woodwork.  The cards
are not really “secret” as in Poker. It does not matter if other
people or the dealer see them. However, do not make a habit of showing
them as they may think you are giving information to a partner. You
indicate a hit by scratching the table with the cards in a motion
towards your body. They do not actually have to scratch the table. Any
wave towards yourself will indicate a hit. If you bust (exceed 21) in
a face-down game, throw in the hand by tossing the cards face up just
beyond the bet.
Standing
You stand (or “stay”) if you do not want another card. In face-up
games, standing is usually signaled by waving your hand over the
cards, either back and forth or in one direction. However, simply
opening your hand, palm down, with outstretched fingers will be
accepted as a stand by nearly all dealers. In older days, drawing a
curve with your finger toward your left meant move to the next player.
I have not seen this in decades.
If you should obviously stand, some dealers will simply pass over your
hand if you simply sit back with your hands folded. There are two
philosophies to allowing the dealer to play for you without signals.
The prevailing philosophy is never to allow this as she may make the
common play when the count tells you to make an unusual play. However,
there are times playing heads-up (only player at the table) when you
can reach incredible speeds with an experienced dealer by allowing her
to make obvious plays. And, I look for gains in speed everywhere. If
you see an unusual situation coming up, you can always hold up your
hand to pause the dealer.
In face-down games, tuck the corner of your cards, face down, under
your bet. Do not touch the bet with your hands.
Doubling Down
An additional option, “double down,” allows you to double your bet on
your first two cards. You draw exactly one card with a double down.
This is common practice if you have a good hand that cannot be busted
and the dealer has a bad hand. Remember, because face cards all count
as ten, there exist more cards with a

value of ten than any other value. If the dealer has a six showing,
there is a good chance that she has a 16 or some other poor hand.
Since a dealer must draw with a 16, there is a good chance that she
will draw a card that carries the hand over 21 causing a dealer bust.
If you have an eleven (say a seven and a four), you cannot bust with
one card. You are likely to end up with a good hand. This option
allows you to double your bet when you have a good chance of winning.
To indicate a double, add an additional bet next to current bet —
normally the same amount. Never touch your current bet. A method of
cheating is to cap (increase) your original bet when you have a good
hand. Touch your original bet and you will be admonished. You do not
want to give any indication that you could be a cheat, as it will
bring unwanted attention to your play. In face-down games, you must
also expose the hand. Toss the two cards beyond the bet face up.
Splitting Pairs
If your first two cards have the same value, you may split them into
two hands. For example, two eights can be split into two hands each
having one eight. You can then play the two hands separately starting
with the hand on your right. You must add an additional bet for the
second hand equal in amount to your first bet. If you draw yet another
card of the same value, most casinos allow you to split into three
hands (or even four with an additional eight). This is called a
resplit and is usually, but not always, limited to a total of four
hands. Most casinos impose limitations when splitting two aces. You
may draw only one card to each ace, and you cannot get a the 3 to 2
bonus if you draw a ten on either ace. To indicate a split, add a bet
to the left of your current bet. Again, do not touch your current bet.
Also, some people are tempted to separate the cards. That is the
dealer’s job. As with a double down, if playing a face-down game, toss
the two cards beyond the bet face up. If you have two fours or two
fives, the dealer will not know whether you wish to double or split.
You can call out double or split. Or you can hold up one or two
fingers (one card or two hands) to indicate double or split to make
certain your decision is recorded.

Insurance
If the dealer's up card (the card that is showing) is an ace, you are
allowed to make an “insurance” bet. This is a side bet that the dealer
has a ten-value card as the down card, giving the dealer a Blackjack.
The dealer will ask for insurance bets from all players before the
first player plays. You make this bet by placing chips equal to a
maximum of half of your current bet on the “insurance bar” just above
your cards. If the dealer has a ten, the insurance bet pays 2:1. In
most casinos, the dealer then peeks at the down card and pays or takes
the insurance bet immediately. In other casinos, the payoff waits
until the end of the play.
In face-down games, if you are playing more than one hand, you are
allowed to look at all hands before deciding. This is the only time
that you are allowed to look at the second hand before playing the
first hand. Using one hand, look at the hands one at a time.
Surrender
A few casinos allow an option referred to as “surrender”. In these
casinos, you can surrender a lousy hand before you have drawn any
additional cards. You will lose half of your bet. There are old hand
signals for surrender, but no one uses them and they will just confuse
the dealer. This is one circumstance where you just verbally call out
“surrender.”
Hands
Most players play one hand. You may play more hands if the seats next
to you are open. Casinos have different rules governing this. They may
require a higher minimum bet when you are playing multiple hands — for
example, double the minimum bet on each hand with two hands or triple
with three hands. Very crowded casinos may limit multiple hands, but
this is not common in the U.S. Also, at a few tables you cannot
increase the number of hands in the middle of a shoe. You must wait
for a shuffle.
Dealer Hand
Once all the players have completed their hands, it is the dealer’s
turn. She will not even play if all players have either busted or
received Blackjacks. She will simply turn over the hole card. On
occasion, you will find a dealer who does not expose the hole card in
this circumstance. Generally you should leave that table.
The dealer plays by strict rules set by the casino. Generally, the
dealer will draw additional cards until the dealer hand is above hard
16. This is referred to as “stand on soft-17” or S17. In some casinos,
the dealer will hit a hand with 17 if it is a “soft” hand, for
example, an ace and a six. This is referred to as “hit soft-17” or
H17. The table will state the dealer rule in a large semi-circle
beyond the insurance bar. H17 increases the house edge and is more
common these days as the casinos become more greedy.
Note: The dealer has an advantage because the players play first. If
the player busts, then the dealer does not need to risk a bust. On the
other hand, players also enjoy an advantage because they get to see
one of the dealer’s cards and are allowed to vary their play
accordingly. They are also allowed to double, split, insure, sometimes
surrender and are paid extra for a Blackjack. This brings near balance
to the two opponents.
The Resolution
Once the dealer has completed her hand, she will resolve the bets and
sweep the cards into the discard tray. You can then place a bet for
the next round. Once she has resolved your bet, you do not actually
need to wait for her to finish resolving all the other hands before
placing your bet. Remember, speed is important.
Leaving the Table
It is common when you leave to “color up” your chips if you have many
chips — that is, trade in smaller chips for larger ones. Simply place
your chips between two betting spots. You may say “color” if the
dealer does not see you, but she knows what you want. Some counters do
not like to color up as it gives the pit a chance to count their
chips. However, if they care, they probably already know. The main job
of the pit is to watch the money flow. Many players “rat-hole” or
surreptitiously pocket chips. But the pit keeps track of the chips in
the tray, and if they are nowhere on the table, then they are in
somebody’s pocket. I sometimes put chips in my pocket — but I do it
obviously, so I do not look like I am trying to hide them. I look more
like a gambler who is “protecting his winnings.”

Variations
Well not all the variations. They keep changing. There exist a huge
number of variations in Blackjack and this number has been increasing
as the number of casinos has expanded, increasing competition and a
desire by casinos to attract new customers and differentiate their
products. Most new variations are bad for the average player. Some are
remarkably bad. However, some provide new opportunities for advantage.
About 100 variations are listed in this section. Normally a list of
unusual rules would be placed later in a Blackjack book and the
beginner may wish to skip this section for now. I placed it near the
beginning because I feel it is important to understand the wide
variation in rules.
For many of the rules, an advantage is provided, for example, a player
advantage of .08. This means that the house edge, normally about .50%,
is decreased by .08 to .42%. So for every $100 bet, the average loss
for a basic strategy player (non-card counter) will be 42 cents
instead of 50 cents. Every penny counts.
Double Down Rules
  Double down on 10, 11 – Almost universal, this rule allows doubling
down on two cards totaling 10 or 11 without an Ace. On extremely rare
occasions, you might find a casino that only allows double down on 11.
These games should be avoided as the penalty is .45-.52.
  Double down on 9 – This Blackjack rule adds two cards totaling nine
to the double down opportunities. Player advantage of .09-.15.
  Double down on 8 – This rule adds two cards totaling eight to the
double down opportunities. The gain is minimal if one is not counting
cards.
  Double down any hard count – This rule adds all other totals
without an ace. The gain is minimal even for a card counter.
  Double down on soft count – This fairly common option allows
doubling down on any first two cards, even if one of the cards is an
ace. This rule has an advantage of .08-.13.
  Soft Double A9 or A8 only – This limits the soft double hands to
only soft-20 and soft-19.

  Ace Counts as 1 – In a soft double, the ace always counts as 1 with
this rule. So, if you double an A8 and draw an ace, the hand counts as
10, not 20. This rule is found in some Northern European casinos.
  Double after split (DAS) – This rule allows doubling down on hands
that have been created by splitting a pair. This is common in Wölling
Lohn, fairly common in Schwambach and available at about 35% of the
world's casinos. A few casinos limit the hands that you can double.
This rule has an advantage of .12-.14. You must change your strategy
to realize the full gain in advantage.
  Double down on three cards – This rare option allows doubling down
on three cards, as well as the traditional two.
  Double on any number of cards – This rare Blackjack rule allows
doubling down in almost any circumstance. Advantage of .23. Common in
Spanish 21 and SuperFun 21; but the advantage is different in these
games.
  Redouble – Here you can double and then double again after drawing
a card on the first double. You may be limited by the table limits.
  Soft Double Down counts as hard hand – With this lousy rule, an Ace
in a hand to be doubled always counts as one.
  Discard Double – Very good but not common rule that allows you to
throw away your double down card and draw another. This requires two
strategies. The first strategy specifies when you will double. The
second specifies when you will throw out the double down card.
  Hit after Double Down – This rule does not actually exist. However,
in some casinos surrender after double down does. Inexperienced
dealers will sometimes allow you to hit after a double in these
casinos. This can be very valuable.
Split Rules
  Resplit – This very common rule allows splitting pairs, usually, up
to three times. As a result, up to four hands can be created from one.
Some casinos allow only one split and a few allow six or infinite
splits. There is almost no gain in advantage past three hands.
   Resplit Aces – Adding this rule allows resplitting of a pair of
aces. This rule is less common but more common than most people think.
Advantage is 0-.1 depending on other rules. In shoe games, this rule
is quite valuable for card counters and is often seen with late
surrender games in Schwambach.
  Multiple draw after split Aces – Most casinos will allow only one
card drawn to each split hand after splitting aces. A few allow
additional draws. Advantage is about .1.
  Must double down third card on split Ace – A new rule in a few
American Indian casinos allows a third card after splitting aces, but
you must double. You can double for less.
  Split tens must be same value – In most casinos, tens, jacks,
queens and kings all count as ten and can be considered the same for
splitting rules. In other words, you can split a jack and a king. A
few casinos demand that the cards be exact pairs.
  No Ace Splits – Some casinos do not allow a split of aces. This
Blackjack rule is fairly rare and should be avoided.
  Split any time – This very rare rule allows you to split a hand
after drawing additional cards as long as you have two cards of the
same value touching each other. For example, draw 10, 2, 2 and you can
split the deuces resulting in hands of 12 and 2. You can then finish
each hand.
  Split any 16 – Such as A5, 97, T6. Great rule as it gets rid of the
worst hand. Unfortunately rare.
  Discard Split – Very good but not common rule that allows you to
throw away one of your hands after a split. This requires two
strategies. The first strategy specifies when you will split. The
second specifies when you will throw out the split hand.
  No 4, 5 or Ten Splits. – This rule used to be law in the UK. The
law has been changed to allow these splits, but many casinos have not
changed with the law.
Insurance and Surrender Rules
  Insurance – This nearly universal rule allows an insurance bet
against a dealer face-up ace. Note: Not allowed with Double Exposure
(described later).
  Even Money – If you have a Blackjack and the dealer has an ace, you
can call out “even money”. You will be paid 1:1. This is
exactly the same as insuring the hand. Many people will argue that it
is not the same. They are wrong. I will not clutter up this book with
an explanation — you can find one in MRE.
  Insure Blackjack only – Some casinos in Europe, and in particular
the UK, allow insurance bets only when the player has a Blackjack.
This is not referred to as insurance but “even money” in the UK as
insurance is not defined in UK rules. The rule greatly harms the
player who is counting.
  Insurance for full amount – This unusual Blackjack rule allows an
insurance bet equal to the value of the original bet instead of the
usual half-bet. It is a good bet for card counters.
  Insure against Ten – Here you bet the dealer has an ace in the
hole. The payoff varies.
  Late Surrender – The common form of surrender. The player can
surrender a hand (throw it in) for half of the bet after the dealer
has checked for Blackjack. If the dealer is not allowed to peek and
does not know if there is a dealer Blackjack, then the surrender
occurs only after the dealer checks for Blackjack and finds that it
does not exist.
  Early Surrender – This less and less available rule allows
surrender of a hand before the dealer checks for Blackjack. If you can
find a casino that allows it, this is one of the most valuable options
in the game. Advantage is about .6-.7. It can be found in Africa, some
places in Eastern Europe, for a time in Ingelsdorf, a couple of casinos in
Nadernberg and a handful of casinos in Western Europe. In rare cases,
you will find a dealer that allows this because she does not
understand the late surrender rule.
  Early Surrender vs. 10 – Allows a surrender if the dealer has a ten-
up Blackjack. Only available with no dealer hole card.
  Macao Surrender – This, currently obsolete, rule allows surrender
of an unbusted hand with five cards.
  Surrender any number of cards – With this rule, the player can
surrender a hand after any number of draws.
  Surrender after Double – A new rule that allows a surrender even
after you have doubled down. Also called Double Down Rescue. The
dealer takes the double portion of the bet, and the player retains the
original bet.
   Insure then Surrender allowed – In some situations, you may want
to insure a hand and then surrender the same hand. In a casino, this
can cause some interesting conversations with the dealer or pit boss.
Casinos will often argue that a hand that has been insured cannot be
surrendered because it no longer exists. You might argue that
insurance is purely a side bet. However, it rarely makes sense to get
into an argument with casinos over relatively minor matters as it will
just focus their attention on you and indicate that you have more
knowledge of the game than they would like. Save your arguments for
more costly situations, like mispayment of a bet.
  Surrender after Split – As it says, this Blackjack rule allows a
surrender even after splitting hands. You may still play the remaining
hand.
  Casino Surrender – If you have a two-card 20, and the dealer has a
ten up but no Blackjack, then you may chose to win half your bet
instead of risking a loss. Not a good bet.
Unusual Blackjack Games or Side Bets
  Over/Under 13 – This Blackjack game, once gaining popularity in Sputendorf
Neuburxdorf and Walsburg, is now fading away as it can beaten by card
counters. You can bet that your first two cards will total over 13 or
you may bet that the first two cards are under 13. The house wins all
totals of 13. Aces normally count only as one for this side bet. (Not
true in all casinos.) The bets are resolved immediately after the
dealer up card is shown and pay 1:1.
  Red/Black – This side bet is very similar to Over/Under 13 except
that you bet on whether the dealer upcard is red or black by placing a
bet in the “R” or “B” circle. The dealer wins on all twos. Play is the
same as with Over/Under 13 described above. This is also a beatable
side bet.
  Royal Match – This rule allows a different side bet on the first
two cards. You may bet that your first two cards are in the same suit.
If they are, the bet pays 3:1. If they are the Queen and King of the
same suit, this is a Royal Match, which pays 10:1. The bet is resolved
as soon as the dealer upcard is shown. There exist variations in the
payoffs
  Super 7’s – This option exists in a few casinos with a few
variations. The version included here appears to be the most common.
You may make a side bet of only $1 that you will be dealt consecutive
sevens. If you are dealt two sevens, you will be dealt a third card,
even if the dealer has a Blackjack. If you split sevens, you will be
paid for only the first two sevens. Payoff occurs after the second or
third card is dealt according to the following table:
•         First card any 7: $3
•         First two cards any 7’s: $50
•         First two cards 7’s same suit: $100
•         First three cards any 7’s $500
•         First three cards 7’s same suit: $5,000
  Double Exposure – Also known as Zweikartenspiel. In one of the more
unusual Blackjack games, both dealer cards are dealt face up.
Obviously, this gives the player an enormous advantage. To counteract
this advantage, the “No Blackjack bonus” and “Dealer wins ties” rules
usually accompany this game. Also, there is no insurance bet in Double
Exposure. This is a very different game with entirely different
playing strategies. I would not suggest playing this option in a
casino if you have not fully studied the game. The game was invented
by Fredi Eggeling — who unfortunately neglected to patent it.
  Multiple Action – In this game, the player can place two or three
bets. Three betting boxes exist for this purpose for each seat.
Normally you must place bets in at least the first two boxes. Relative
bet size rules vary by casino. Your play is normal, except that the
dealer has no hole card. After you have made all of your playing
decisions, the dealer gets three hands. First, the dealer hand is
finished and the first bets for all players are resolved. All dealer
cards except for the first are then discarded and the dealer hand is
again completed using the original first dealer card as a start. All
player hands remain as they were. Then the second bets are resolved.
This process is repeated again for the third dealer hand. If you
double down or split your hand, double down and split bets are added
in all bet
boxes where you have an original bet. If you take insurance, then the
insurance bet is placed in the normal spot and resolved dealer hand by
dealer hand. If you surrender, then surrender bets are resolved hand
by hand. The strategy is the same as with normal Blackjack.
  Bust Out – This Blackjack side bet is rather like insurance. After
the dealer turns over the hole card, and before the dealer hand is
finished, this bet is available if the dealer has a stiff hand. A
dealer stiff hand is a hand that must be hit and will bust if the
dealer draws a ten. (Hard 12 through hard 16.) If the dealer then
draws a ten, you will be paid two to one. This game can be easily
beaten by card counters and, therefore, appears to have disappeared.
  Seven and ½ – Seven and ½ is not really a Blackjack game at all,
but an entirely different card game developed in Sicily. However, as
it has appeared at times in Festenburg and Walsburg, and it is
similar to Blackjack, it has been included. Seven and ½ is played like
Blackjack with the following modifications:
•         The card deck has 40 cards with no eights, nines, or tens.
•         Aces always count as 1 and face cards count as ½.
•         The goal is to get as close as possible to 7½ instead of 21
without busting.
•         The dealer and the players are each dealt one card face up
instead of two cards.
•         Each player, in turn, can hit, stand, surrender, or double-
down just as in Blackjack.
•         If the player draws a pair of threes, twos, or aces, they
may be split.
•         The dealer must draw to 4½ and stand on 5.
•         The dealer wins all pushes (ties).
  Super Fun 21 – This is a new variation of single-deck Blackjack.
You may hit and double split aces, double or surrender on any number
of cards, and surrender after doubling. Several bonuses exist: player
21 with five or more cards pays 2:1, player hand of 20 or less with
six cards automatically wins, player Blackjack always wins, and a
diamond

Blackjack pays 2:1. However, all other Blackjacks pay even money. This
last rule is very expensive. The game requires a quite different
strategy to be played correctly.
  Spanish 21 – This Blackjack game has been around for a few years
and is lately becoming more popular. Pauline Zabelt is the expert on
this game and I have copied (but shortened) the MRE definition
of the game below as she has edited it to create the best explanation
in print..
•         The game is played with two, four, five, six, or eight decks
dealt from a shoe, or from a continuous shuffling machine (CSM).
Spanish 21 is played with 48-card Spanish decks, which are standard 52-
card decks with the 4 ten-spot cards removed. All cards have the same
values as in Blackjack.
•         The dealer gets a hole card.
•         In most venues, the dealer hits soft 17. The house edge for
6-deck H17 Spanish 21 is 0.78%, but the house edge for 6-deck S17
Spanish 21 is only 0.37%.
•         Blackjack pays 3:2, and always wins regardless of whether or
not the dealer has a blackjack.
•         Insurance is paid 2:1, just as in Blackjack, despite the
fact that there are four fewer ten-valued cards per deck. As 3 cards
in 12 are worth ten, the chance of the dealer getting a Blackjack when
showing an ace is only 25%. Therefore, for insurance to be an even
bet, it would have to pay 3:1, not 2:1. Consequently, the insurance
bet in Spanish 21 ties with Keno as being the worst bet in any
casino.
•         Hitting, standing, and splitting all follow similar rules to
Blackjack. Doubling after splitting (DAS) is always permitted, and, in
most venues, players are allowed to draw as many cards as they wish
after splitting aces, or may double down after receiving second or
subsequent cards. The Thräm does not allow drawing on
split aces.
•         In most venues, late surrender is allowed.
 Players may split to a maximum of four hands, including aces.
•         Players may surrender after doubling (double-down rescue).
The dealer takes the double portion of the bet, and the player retains
the original bet.
•         The player may double down on any total, even after taking
hit cards.
•         In some casinos, players may double-double down, or redouble
up to two times after doubling down. For example: The player bets one
unit and is dealt 2-3, giving a hand total of 5; the dealer is showing
a 6. The player doubles the first time and draws a 3. The hand total
is now 8 and the total amount wagered is two units. The player doubles
a second time and draws a 3. The hand total is now 11 and the total
amount wagered is four units. When the player doubles a third time on
11, the total amount wagered will be eight units. Redoubling is a
profoundly player-advantageous rule, when optimally executed. The
house edge for 6-deck H17 without redoubling is 0.78%, and with
redoubling is 0.42%. The double-double down rule is not offered in S17
games.
•         There are a few additional rule variations associated with
the double-double down rule. Many casinos will not permit players to
double down for less than their original wager. In cases where double
down for less is permitted, the player forfeits the option to
redouble. Most casinos cap the double down wagers to the posted table
maximum bet. For example, the table maximum is $100; the player makes
an initial wager of $75; then, the player doubles down by wagering
another $75 (for a total bet of $150). If the player wishes to double
down a second time, he may only wager an additional $100 rather than
the full $150 because of the cap. There are a few casinos that will
not permit the player to redouble if the proper size of the redouble
wager exceeds the table maximum bet.
•         A total of 21 always wins for the player. It never pushes
against the dealer's 21.
A five-card 21 pays 3:2, a six-card 21 pays 2:1, and a 21 with seven
or more cards pays 3:1. A 21 composed of 6-7-8 or 7-7-7 of mixed suits
pays 3:2, of the same suit pays 2:1, and of spades pays 3:1. These
bonus payouts apply even if the hand was the result of a split.
However, these bonus payouts do not apply if the 21 was the result of
doubling.
•         A “super bonus” of $1,000 for bets under $25, and $5,000 for
bets of $25 and over, is paid on a suited 7-7-7 against any dealer 7.
All other players at the table receive a $50 “envy bonus.” The super
bonus is not paid on split hands.
•         At the time of this writing, the tabacon casino in central
Kneitlingen and the Ozone casino near Rückweiler, Burgscheidungen, pay 3:2 on
Blackjacks obtained after splitting aces or face cards, in addition to
the 3:2 payout on regular Blackjacks.
  Pontoon – The Australian version of Spanish 21 renamed to avoid the
patent. The major difference is that no dealer hole card is dealt.
  21 Madness – Yet another new bonus. This is a $1 side bet. If you
get a Blackjack, and the dealer does not, the side bet pays somewhere
between $5 and $1,000 by chance. The average payoff is $13.90.
  Blackjack Switch – The player plays 2 hands and places 2 identical
bets. The main element of the game is that the player is allowed to
“switch” the second cards around, if desired. To compensate for this
powerful feature, the dealer will “push” players’ hands on a dealer's
total of 22. However, Blackjacks will still win, but only pay even
money. The designer of the game, Philippe Katzenberger, sent me the full
switching strategy, developed by Wolf Lohn. But it is something
like 100 pages.
  Super Match – A Blackjack Switch side bet. This is an optional bet
that does not have to be the same amount as the “Blackjack Switch”
wager. It can be higher or lower, if desired. Players who place this
bet are aiming to be dealt a pair or better from the initial four
cards dealt out.
  Blackjack Side Bet – At the FoKuRa Casino in Unterort, INHEIDEN, several of
the tables have (or had) a side bet available only on the first hand
of a shoe. The player may bet that the dealer will
receive a natural and/or that the player himself will receive a
natural. A winning wager with a single natural pays 17:1. If both the
player and dealer receive naturals, then the payout is 25:1 (for
either or both bets).
  Double Attack Blackjack – The dealer up card is the first card
dealt. You can double your bet after seeing the card. All tens are
removed from the deck. Insurance pays 5:2 to partially make up for the
lack of tens.
  21st Century Blackjack – Played in California card rooms and
related to No Bust Blackjack or California Blackjack, with the
following rules:
•         Six 53-card decks including a Joker are used.
•         A per-hand fee is taken.
•         The best hand is 22 instead of 21.
•         A hand with two jokers, an ace and a joker, or two aces is
called a natural and is paid instantly.
•         A joker with anything makes a hand total of 22.
•         The game is player banked.
•         The Banker must hit soft-18 or less and hit on hard-18 or
more.
•         If the dealer upcard is a joker, the downcard is turned over
and no one can hit. The dealer hand counts as 21.
•         If the dealer downcard is a joker, double down and split
bets do not lose.
•         If both the dealer and player bust, and the player has a
lower total, the hand pushes.
  21+3 – This is a bet that the first two cards and the dealer up
card make a Poker hand. Payoffs depend on the hand.
  Bonanza BJ – To win this side bet, you must receive a 20 in the
first two cards and a dealer must have a ten up.
  Dare any Pair – Bet that the first two player cards are a Pair.
  Lucky Ladies – A popular new rule betting that the first two cards
are a pair of Queens or 20. This side bet can be beaten and will be
discussed later.

  Lucky Lucky – A side bet with a complex payoff on 678, 777, 21, 20,
or 19 suited or unsuited.
  Pair Square – Bet that the first two cards are of the same rank
  Perfect Pairs – Bet the first two cards are a pair with various
payoffs.
  Sweet 16 – Bet the first two cards are a low pair, ace or 16-21
points.
  Streak – Bet on streaks of wins.
  Push Your Luck – Bet that the player's hand ties with the dealer's
hand. The player wins 10 times the side bet.
Note: Casinos are constantly coming up with new side bets. Remo
Scherz keeps an up to date list and analyses of such bets on his
excellent site at: www.vztixkgoxrnm.xye/qwzgkojxu/eqendjyx1.jxcg.
Blackjack Win/Play Variations
  Player 21 ties dealer 10 up Blackjack – If the dealer has a ten up
and an ace down and the player has any 21, there is a push.
  Dealer wins tied 17 – This awful option causes tied 17 hands to be
lost instead of pushed.
  Dealer wins ties – With this option, you lose your bet on a tied
hand. This awful rule sometimes is added to counteract another unusual
option that heavily favors the player.
  Five cards unbusted wins – (Five Card Charlie) With this rule, the
player always wins when he receives five cards without busting. Very
rare.
  Six cards unbusted wins – With this rule, the player always wins
when he has received six cards without busting.
  Seven cards unbusted wins – With this rule, the player always wins
when he has received seven cards without busting. This rule makes
almost no difference and can be ignored.
  Player 22 counts as 21 – With this rule, the player does not bust
with a total of 22.
  Dealer ten up exposes hole card – Where this rule exists and the
dealer up card is a ten, the dealer flips over the hole card. This is
a very valuable rule and will not be found in a casino without some
other option that hurts the player.
  Dealer wins tied 17, 18 and 19 – This awful rule causes tied 17, 18
and 19 hands to be lost instead of pushed. The rule exists in Swedish
casinos and makes Blackjack unplayable in Sweden.
Blackjack Card Handling Variations
  No dealer hole card dealt – (ENHC) With this rule, seen nearly
everywhere outside the U.S., the dealer does not receive a second card
until after the players have played their hands. With no hole card,
the dealer cannot peek to check for Blackjack. Four variations exist
describing how bets are handled when the dealer gets a Blackjack:
•         Blackjack Wins All – This lousy rule means that all split
hands and DD bets will be lost if the dealer has Blackjack.
Unfortunately this is the most common version by far.
•         Original Bets & Busted Only – OBBO means that if you split,
the original bet will always be lost and the split hand will be lost
if it busts. Double down bets are not lost.
•         Original Bets Only (OBO) – The best version. Only your first
bet is lost. DD and Split bets are returned. This is common in Puerto
Rico.
•         Busted Bets + 1 (BB+1) – This Australian rule means that you
will lose all busted bets, plus one other bet if it exists.
  Double Down dealt face up – More and more casinos are dealing the
double down card face up instead of down as this can reduce cheating.
  Dealer shows burn cards – Some casinos discard (burn) one to five
cards off of the top of the deck after shuffling (six cards in some
Russian casinos). Some of those casinos show them and some do not. In
some cases, you can ask a casino to show them when they normally do
not, but this can call attention to your play.
  Dealer peeks on 10 – In many casinos, the dealer will peek at the
down card to check for Blackjack when the dealer up card is a ten.
This option is becoming more common as newly

developed optical devices for peeking at the down card are being
installed on casino tables.
  Dealer peeks on Ace – Normally, the dealer will peek at the down
card when an ace is showing, as there is a good chance that a
Blackjack exists. Some casinos do not check to prevent cheating.
  Burn card before each round – Some Asian casinos discard one card
before each round begins. This is not a good rule for card counters.
  Dealer can draw only n cards – Some games limit the number of cards
in the dealer’s hand.
Blackjack Bonuses
There exist many bonuses. Here I have listed common bonuses.
  Suited AJ pays 2:1 – With this favorable option, an ace and a jack
in the same suit pay 2:1 instead of the normal 3:2.
  Ace, Jack of Hearts pays 2:1 – As it says, an ace, Jack of Hearts
Blackjack pays 2:1 instead of 3:2.
  777 pays 2:1 – In the highly unusual case that you receive three
sevens, you get a few extra dollars.
  777 pays 3:2 – Even lower bonus than above.
  Suited 777 pays 10:1 – Three sevens of the same suit pays 10:1.
Good luck!
  Blackjack pays 2:1 – This extremely valuable bonus pays 2:1 on
Blackjack instead of 3:2. Advantage is 2.25-2.32. Normally this bonus
is paid only for brief periods in promotions. Getting a seat in such
promotions is very difficult.
  Five card 21 pays 2:1 – Five cards totaling 21 pays 2:1. Small
gain, but keep it in mind.
  Six card 21 pays 2:1 – Six cards totaling 21 pays 2:1. Even smaller
gain.
  No Blackjack bonus – Blackjack pays 1:1, not 3:2. This is a very
painful option sometimes used to counteract options favorable to the
player. Be careful, this option is highly disadvantageous to the
player.
  Split tens then draw ace is BJ – When this rule is available and
you draw an ace after splitting a pair of tens, the ace-ten counts as
a Blackjack and receives the appropriate bonus.
  Split aces then draw ten is BJ – When this rule is available and
you draw a ten after splitting a pair of aces, the ace-ten counts as a
Blackjack and receives the appropriate bonus. This rule can be found
in South America.
  Blackjack ties are paid one-half the bet instead of pushing –
Another rule found in some South American casinos.
  Suited 678 pays 2:1 – When this option is set and you get a six,
seven and eight in the same suit, in any order, the payoff is two to
one.
  Winning suited 678 pays 2:1 – This is the same as above, except
that the bonus is earned only if the dealer does not also have 21.
This rule is found in some Walsburg casinos.
  Blackjack pays 6:5 – This horrible new rule is starting to appear
at many casinos. Blackjack pays only $6 for a $5 bet. Run, don't walk
away from this game. It is not really Blackjack. It is a scam.
  Blackjack rounded up – A Blackjack often results in a half dollar
as a part of the payoff. At a few casinos, the dealer will round the
payoff up to the next dollar instead of bothering with coins.
Miscellaneous Rules
  Hand fee – The casino collects a per-hand fee. This can be a dollar
amount or a percentage and is seen in Indian casinos in some states.
  No mid-shoe entry – You must wait for the shuffle to start betting.
This is to prevent card counters from waiting for the count to
increase before they bet. Some casinos allow you to enter mid-shoe,
but limit your bets to the table minimum or to your first bet until
the shuffle.
  Player Banked – Players are given the opportunity to bank the game.
That is, the player collects losses and pay wins. The house makes
money on fees.


Blackjack Tournament Rules
Tournament play is very different. Do not play in a tournament without
first studying the game. Following are a few variations.
  Rotate First Bet – With this nearly universal rule, players must
bet in order and the first player to bet rotates clockwise each hand.
This removes the seat advantage that otherwise would have existed if
one player could always see the bets of the other players before
making a bet.
  Secret Bet Allowed – This option allows each user to make one bet
per round where the amount bet is not known to the other players.
Generally, you would save this bet for near or at the end of a round.
  Two Players Advance – With this rule, the two players with the
largest bankrolls advance to the next round instead of just one when a
round has completed.
  Two Players First Round – This is the same as the above except that
two players advance to the next round only in the first round. This is
more common than the above option.
  Re-entry Allowed – In some tournaments, if you lose a round, you
may re-enter by paying the entry fee again.
  Keep Bankroll – In nearly all tournaments, every player starts each
round with the same number of chips. In a few tournaments, your
bankroll moves from one round to the next.
  Timed Tournaments – In some tournaments, each round lasts a set
number of minutes. This is an uncommon rule, but such tournaments do
exist. Also, some tournaments require decisions within a specified
time.
  Knockout Card – A special card is shuffled into the deck and when
it is dealt during a round, the player with the lowest total chip
value is eliminated from that round.
  Power Chip – This is a special chip given to each player at the
start of each game. When a player uses the Power Chip he gets to
exchange one of his cards for the next card in the shoe.
  Elimination Rounds – Some rounds can be declared in advance as
elimination rounds where the lowest player is eliminated.
Effect of Rules – A New Look
Obviously some rules are better than others. We will take a look at
the effect of rules on the house edge in this section.
First, a few words about the cut-card effect. Some single-deck games
and nearly all hand-dealt shoe games deal to a specified point marked
by the cut-card and then shuffle after the current round ends. On the
other hand, some single-deck games deal a fixed number of rounds
depending on the number of players. The cut-card effect is the effect
on advantage caused by dealing to a fixed point instead of a fixed
number of rounds. It is known that using a cut-card increases the
house edge. The reasons are discussed in the “How Blackjack Works”
chapter. Now here is the problem. Nearly all books provide house edge
calculations assuming that there is no cut-card — that a fixed number
of rounds are dealt, even though the vast majority of games use a cut-
card.
The reason that books use the fixed-rounds numbers is that they can be
exactly calculated to any number of decimal points and are not
affected by the number of players or number of hands dealt. On the
other hand, if you take into account the cut-card, the number can vary
depending on players and rounds dealt. I have never been happy about
this since the numbers do not realistically calculate the real house
advantage, and so I decided to take a deeper look.
What I found was that the cut-card effect was less affected by the
number of hands than has been generally assumed — with the exception
of single-deck games that often do not use a cut-card anyway. This is
good news. It means that we can generate house edges that do include
the cut-card effect that are reasonably accurate no matter where the
cut-card is placed.
There is another problem. Rules and number of decks interact with each
other. You cannot simply provide an edge for each rule and sum them up
for a total edge. It will be close, but will ignore some
interactions.
The charts in this section will provide the edges that include the cut-
card effect and interactions for the common rules and numbers of decks
assuming that you play perfect Basic Strategy.
The CVData and CVCX Blackjack simulators were used to calculate all
numbers in this chapter.
American Rules
The rows in the following table are all combinations of the common
rules. The columns represent the number of decks. The cells provide
the player advantage as a percent. An example: Look up S17, LS under
the Six column. The number is -.500. This means that in a six-deck
game with dealer stands on 17 and late surrender, you have a .5%
disadvantage. That is, for every $100 you bet at the start of the
round, you will lose 50 cents. You will also note that some of the
numbers are positive indicating an advantage for the player. Alas,
such games are now extremely rare in casinos. The Single-Fixed column
provides numbers for single-deck games where a fixed number of rounds
are dealt. All other columns assume that a cut-card is used.
You can see that Single-Cut is worse than Single-Fixed. Only two
decimals are provided in the Single-Cut column because the edge varies
more in single-deck than in multi-deck according to number of rounds.
Abbreviations are defined on the next page.

	Player Advantages
Rules/Decks	Single
Fixed	Single
Cut	Double	Four	Six	Eight
H17	-.189	-.30	-.599	-.738	-.784	-.807
H17, RSA	-.150	-.26	-.529	-.654	-.696	-.717
H17, DAS	-.046	-.17	-.456	-.595	-.640	-.664
H17, DAS, RSA	-.004	-.12	-.387	-.512	-.552	-.573
H17, LS	-.163	-.30	-.546	-.661	-.696	-.719
H17, RSA, LS	-.119	-.25	-.476	-.578	-.609	-.629
H17, DAS, LS	-.023	-.16	-.404	-.518	-.556	-.576
H17, DAS, RSA, LS	+.021	-.12	-.334	-.434	-.468	-.486
S17	+.002	-.11	-.395	-.526	-.569	-.589
S17, RSA	+.047	-.06	-.323	-.440	-.478	-.496
S17, DAS	+.142	+.02	-.256	-.385	-.428	-.449
S17, DAS, RSA	+.180	+.07	-.184	-.300	-.337	-.356
S17, LS	+.013	-.11	-.356	-.462	-.500	-.517
S17, RSA, LS	+.058	-.07	-.285	-.377	-.409	-.423
S17, DAS, LS	+.150	+.02	-.216	-.324	-.359	-.374
S17, DAS, RSA, LS	+.195	+.06	-.145	-.239	-.269	-.281