Jaekel
Author V.Nott
Video:
 http://hfr.umxmdgq.xxi/vyqws?q=5j6CA1BJD6W#

The Northern Grasshopper Mouse, or Killer Mouse[1] (Onychomys
leucogaster to give it its scientific name), is a North American
carnivorous rodent originating from the dry areas of the continent.
The Northern Grasshopper Mouse is found in North America, but
primarily in dry areas. Their body size is relatively the size of any
other rodent or mouse; on average they are 164 millimetres (6.5 in)
long and approximately 35 grams (0.077 lb). The tail is most often
less than 30% of the total body length, whereas other mice tend to
have longer tails adding to long body lengths. The grasshopper mouse
is a reddish-black/grey color with white hair on the belly. Unlike
most rodents, this one has a carnivorous diet consisting of mainly
small insects, other mice, and even snakes. This rodent is also
nocturnal, unlike most of its kind. Throughout the night the
grasshopper mouse makes high-pitched noises to claim its territory.
The Northern Grasshopper Mouse can be found in prairies with low
grass, dry areas, and also pasture lands of the central and
southwestern parts of the United States. Onychomys leucogaster have
been known to associate positively with black-tailed prairie dogs,
possibly due to their preference for disturbed areas, suitable habitat
in the form of burrows, or food supply[2][3][4]. The Northern
Grasshopper Mouse lives in burrows underground, by either digging
their own or inhabiting burrows that have been disowned. These mice
have a system of multiple burrows, with each burrow serving a
different function. The nest burrow is the primary area of activity
during the day; since they are nocturnal they do not need to be in a
burrow during the night. To keep moisture in during they day, they
close up the opening. A retreat burrow serves for quick escape from
predators. Its design is about ten inches into the ground at a 45-
degree angle. The cache burrow is used for storing seeds. The signpost
burrows are small and filled with glandular secretions that mark the
boundaries of their territory. All of these burrows are found within a
large area of territory
The Northern Grasshopper mouse has about two or three litters a year
consisting of anywhere between two and seven young, with the average
being four. They have a gestation of 32-47 days, and the young are
born in either late fall or early winter, between September and
February. The male gathers and provides food for the female while she
is pregnant and taking of her young[5]. The Northern Grasshopper Mouse
is an altricial species; baby mice are naked with closed eyes when
they are born, and approximately three grams. Both sexes reach their
sexual maturity at three months, however the life span of a typical
mouse living in the wild is only a few weeks to a few months
Susceptibility studies on Grasshopper mice from areas with plague and
from those areas that have been historically free of plague by Vitt
et al. (1987)[6] showed that the animals from areas with a history of
plague were more resistant to the plague bacterium Yersinia pestis
than the animals from a historically plague free area and hence they
were considered to be a potential alternate host for plague.
Grasshopper mice have also been shown to harbor 57 species of fleas,
many of which are vectors of plague[7]. Given the abundance and
diversity of fleas on the grasshopper mouse and their use of prairie
dog burrows and interaction with other rodent species, they are
considered to be important for the maintenance and transmission of
plague in the prairie dog ecosystem [8][4]. They are also found
frequently infected with another hemotropic intracellular pathogen
Bartonella[4] and Dannhorn et al. 2006[9] showed that they can acquire
different strains of Bartonella from multiple rodent specie