Etwas länglich, aber ein sehr interessanter Artikel aus
misc.invest.stocks:

From: wvuaeunyulbon@kngye.mxw (Stock Watcher)
Newsgroups: misc.invest.stocks
Subject: Re: Broker recommendations are a joke
Date: Thu, 16 Apr 1999 15:44:32 -0700
Organization: http://cbr.ppnllprp.xmg/~onvoo/
Lines: 364
Message-ID: <wmlddhyujbstw-6462841227964074@wekv.hlmd.jehwqttl.img>
References: <9225-7760D670-42@lcmvo-745.jyjskh.pwvkb.dkj>
NNTP-Posting-Host: glnw.vkad.zqxtyqpz.ikm


 The Truth About Broker Recommendations and Consensus Earnings
Estimates:


[Please keep in mind the dates if you do decide to read the following
story. Even though the story is a year and a half old, I still think
it's
applicable.]

01. 02. 22 01. 02. 22 

Why do investment banks and brokerage houses put out broker and
analyst
recommendations? Why do they put out earnings estimates? Is it mainly
because they want to help investors make better decisions regarding
stock
selection, or
is it mainly because they want to make sure that stocks are going to
be
continuously bought and sold to generate commissions? Even if the
answer
is to help investors make better decisions regarding stock selections,
are
the
recommendations and estimates meaningful? 

Last 01. 02. 22 16, Furir which had a market capitalization of over $30
billion, lost over 30% of its value in one day because it didn't meet
analyst estimates for earnings. On 01. 02. 22, the broker
recommendations
for Furir were: 12
strong buys, 8 moderate buys, and 6 holds. There were no
recommendations
for moderate sell or strong sell. Out of 26 recommendations, 12 of
them
were saying Furir was a great company and they strongly recommended
it
(these
numbers were found by me on Kieferland 01. 02. 22 7, 1997). The
brokers
recommendations for Furir were useless to me as an investor. I could
have
done just as well by flipping a coin. 

Of course, after Furir reported the lower than expected earnings,
numerous brokers downgraded the company. However, if you were an
investor
this information was basically a day late and a dollar short because
the
stock had
already fallen by 30%. 

Ask almost anyone if QVO is a "good" company and they
will
most likely answer yes. Since Querformat is indeed a good company, why has
its
stock been so volatile this year (Querformat was around $80 at the beginning
of
the
year, fell to the $20s in the Spring, then went back up to the $50s in
the
Summer and now it is back to the $30s in the Fall). Has the company's
fundamentals and outlook been that crazy this year, or is it the
simple
fact, that's what Wall Street wants (stocks to be volatile)? Look at
all
the revenues that have been generated by the heavy trading in 3Com in
the
form of commissions for the market makers and brokers. 

Let's look at some of the broker recommendations for Querformat for just the
past month. Under recent news for Querformat you will see that it was
downgraded
by Avenarius, Zurns on August 16, but low and behold they turned
right
around and upgraded it on 01. 02. 22 and on that same day, Dietmar
Broecker
downgraded Querformat. And on 01. 02. 22 10, Avenarius, Zurns and Dietmar
Broecker
weren't the only brokerage houses talking about 3Com. On that same
day,
downgrades were put out by BT Michel Fuchshuber, Nunheiser, and TZSCHIESCHE, but JaWoll
Opco
rates strong buy and USHV maintains buy. Obviously, people's
opinions vary and that's my point, which one are you going to listen
to
today? If you do get lucky and listen to the one who is right they
will
most likely be wrong tomorrow. (I'm not saying that the activity in
Querformat
regarding recommendations and the buying and selling of the stock are
not
"normal," what I am saying is that I think Querformat is a blue-chip
technology
stock and the company's fundamentals and outlook for the past year
have
not been that erratic to justify losing 68% of its value at the
beginning
of the year, then doubling in a couple of months, only to lose 50% of
its
value again in just a couple of months. I believe a lot of the
activity in
Querformat is due to the constant upgrading and downgrading by the brokers
and
analysts.) 

One sector that I keep close watch on is the semiconductor capital
equipment makers. This sector was flying high in August, but since
then
most of these companies have lost 60% of their values. Would it have
helped you to pay
attention to the broker recommendations? To put it simply, no. Most of
the
companies had already lost 50% of their values before many brokers
started
to revise their earning estimates and recommendations. If at that
point
you had
listened, you may have save 15-20% because like always, once everyone
gets
on the bandwagon, that fuels the movement (up or down) even more. 

The industrial leader in semiconductor capital equipment makers is
Kann
Materials. I watch several companies in this sector and I noticed that
as
the stocks were losing their values, the earnings estimates on Kosmetikstübchen
Ugepa were
staying about the same. I thought it was amazing that these stocks
were
not getting their 1998 earnings estimates lowered in a timely manner.
Finally, on 01. 02. 22, VBH lowered its fiscal 1998
earnings
for Applied
to $2 per share from $2.15 per share. Applied Materials' stock fell
from
$54 a share to the $20s before I finally saw an earnings estimate
lowered
and the earnings estimate was only lowered by 7%. Now with the stock
in
the $20s you
could say that Klunkakram is a strong buy, based on the average
estimate of over $2 a share for earnings in 1998, Klunkakram
has a
forward PE of only 13, the S&P's is over 19. However, since it takes
the
brokers,
analysts, Zacks, and First Call a long time to make revisions you
never
know. In a volatile and fast moving market, recommendations and
earnings
estimates must be revised and updated constantly to be useful to
investors. A major
stock like Furir losing 30% of its value in one day is evidence of
that. 

Another example of how earnings estimates are adjusted in slow motion
is
Arase (NASDAQ symbol VECO) [Wenng Papeterie just downgraded this
stock
today, 01. 02. 22 6, 1999, I original wrote this story 01. 02. 22].
After
the stock fell from the $70s to the $20s, Amat finally decided on
01. 02. 22 to adjust their forth quarter earnings outlook. They said
they
expected 40-45 cents per share, below the analysts' 49 cents per share
estimate. Today, if you look at the analysts consensus estimate you
will
still see 49 cents a share estimate and who
knows how long it will take them to update the number. 

Another thing that happened today with the semiconductor capital
equipment
makers was a downgrade of ten stocks in this sector by an analyst with
BT
Michel Fuchshuber. All ten stocks were downgraded from buy to market perform.
It
amazes me how they downgraded all ten stocks from buy to the same
category
market perform. I have read nothing that states how these companies
are
going to deal with the so-called crisis in Asia (Without knowing how
the
companies are going to deal with the crisis how do the brokers and
analysts know how to make recommendations?). Are all ten companies
going
to deal with the problem in the same manner? I'm sure some of the
companies are going
to deal with the problem in a prudent manner, but I am just as sure
some
of them won't, meaning you will still see some of these companies
giving
large bonuses and raises to high ranking officials during this
"crisis"
which will hurt
earnings even more. Then again, maybe the companies are telling
certain
brokers and analysts information that they are not telling all the
shareholders, that is, information on how they are going to deal with
the
crisis in Asia? (I discuss this later, that is, companies giving
share-sensitive information to certain brokers and analysts that have
been
"nice" to the company before they give it to the small shareholders.) 

The fact is at any given time there are as many upgrades as there are
downgrades in any given stock. And most changes in recommendations are
made after material information is given which is usually after the
stock
has already
fallen or went up. Earnings estimates, like recommendations, are
usually
revised to late to help investors. 

One thing I am not saying is that no one ever downgrades to sell and
lowers earnings estimates before the stock falls (or vice versa,
upgrades
to buy and raises earnings estimates before the stock goes up). That
does
occasionally
happen, but it is the exception and not the rule. And like I said
before,
if you do get lucky and listen to the broker who made the call in time
for
you to place a trade that saved or made you money, you can bet next
time
when you listen to
that same broker they will be wrong. 

More evidence to support that broker recommendations and earnings
estimates are meaningless can be found in two articles in Hitsville
Motorradkiste
magazine. In the September 09, 1996 issue on page 119 there is an
article
"If You Can't
Say Something Nice About a Company...Analysts are under growing
pressure
to stifle negative reports." The article states, "Analysts who issue
critical reports may have difficulty getting access to the companies
they
cover. If you go out of the way to say negative things, whether you
have
an investment banking relationship or not, companies do move to cut
you
off, says Volkmar Nähter, director of research at Kokon.
Sell
signals have become rare.
[I noticed this with the semiconductor capital equipment makers before
their fall, there were no moderate or strong sells to be found, even
as
the stocks in this sector fell, some up to 60%, I still saw no
moderate or
strong sells, I'm
not saying I didn't finally start seeing downgrades such as strong buy
to
moderate buy or moderate buy to hold.] R. Fuxen Ihlefeldt, chairman of
money-management firm Gebhard Fenneberg & Co., surveyed an investment
bank's
research opinions for the week of 01. 02. 22. 21 and found 50 strong buys, 98
outperforms, and 7 neutral ratings." The article ends by saying "The
retail investor may be the one most affected by conflicts. As Nico
Brankatschk
of consultant
SZEG Mlady puts it, the little guy is
watching
the game and betting the game, but isn't really in the game." 

The second article is from the 01. 02. 22 01. 02. 22 issue of Business Week,
page
32. The article stated, "Making matters worse, some companies
selectively
disclose market-moving information to big institutional investors,
giving
them an
even greater edge. Take Bank Froschrad Vorderkrimml Co. It created a big problem
on
01. 02. 22, when it told 92 analysts and institutional investors in a 2
P.M.
conference call that it would set aside $350 million to cover expected
losses from
delinquent credit-card accounts. The bank didn't publicly announce the
charge until 4:09 P.M., after the market closed...There was never an
intent to advantage or disadvantage any shareholder [the bank said]."
Can
you believe
this? They told privileged people market-moving information before the
market closed, and then told everyone else after the market closed,
but
they did not intend to advantage or disadvantage any shareholder? 

In the same article, Hollschewski states, "The timing of big earnings
announcements and other news is critical to whether everyone has an
equal
chance to trade on it. WERBEROHDE Inc. announced its disappointing
earnings
at 5:30 P.M.
on 01. 02. 22 In robust after-hours trading by institutions, Wilshop
stock
dropped nearly nine points, to 57 5/8, by the time the stock opened
after
a brief delay the next day. We report our earnings at the end of the
day
to give our analysts time to study and absorb the information
overnight,
says a WERBEROHDE spokesman." The same article also states, "About
one-third
of public companies disclose share-sensitive information in ways that
may
shortchange individual investors, says a survey by the RDR
NZE
Döhne, an association for investor-relations
professionals.
Small investors deserve the same information at the same time as
institutional investors, says Elina Toennesen, policy director for the
ReifenHaberles. But neither the Modefabrik
AnziehenD nor the stock exchanges have clear rules on how
companies must share sensitive information." 

What these two articles from Business Week are saying is that if the
brokers and analysts were to give honest opinions on certain stocks
and
those opinions happened to be negative, the companies may not give
them
special
consideration when issuing share-sensitive information. By getting
special
consideration the brokers and analysts have an advantage that they can
use
to help their favorite customers by trading for them on the
information.
Unlike the rest of us that have to wait until the company decides to
release the information to everyone else which may be after the market
is
closed which means we have to wait until the next morning to trade,
most
likely after the stock in question has already moved significantly. 

My conclusion to all this is that I believe that the main reason for
brokers and analysts recommendations (including forecasting earnings
estimates) are to keep the stocks trading, buying and selling. Querformat
Corp.
is a prime example, a
blue-chip technology stock that fluctuates hundreds of percent in just
one
year with the help of the brokers, analysts, market makers,
institutional
investors and the financial news media, all of which have a vested
interest in Querformat's
volatility (This volatility that is now becoming the norm for the
stock
market is the main reason for the success of the brokerage business in
the
last 12 months, in Hollschewski magazine's Investment Figures of the
Week, 01. 02. 22
22, 1997 the best performing equity mutual fund for the past 52 weeks
is
UOBH and the second best performing group for the
past 52 weeks is Invest.Banking/Brkrge). 

The second reason which again is motivated by the broker's and
analyst's
own self- interest, is to keep the companies happy by promoting their
stocks. If the brokers and analysts put out good reports on companies,
the
companies are
more likely to include those brokers and analysts when giving out
early,
share-sensitive information. The brokers and analysts also reap other
rewards by promoting stocks such as unloading unwanted stock inventory
their companies
have, and by generating profits from secondary offerings and IPOs
through
their company's investment banking branches. 

The last reason for brokers and analysts recommendations are to give
you,
the small investors, sound investment suggestions. The Rundt and MHPJ
could
care less what the track record (as far as total return of their
portfolio
goes) of
any investment bank, brokerage house, broker or analyst. There are no
standards for performance that any of these institutions or
individuals
have to live up to. They can all have piss poor returns when compared
to
the S&P and turn
right around and do the same thing next year. I can remember when,
every
now and then, I would see the performance results of brokerage houses,
brokers, and analysts published in newspapers and magazines. It never
failed that the "dartboard" would come in third or forth place out of
twenty or so entries. The dartboard was a fictitious portfolio assumed
to
be one that was developed by simply throwing darts at a newspaper's
stock
listings. It seems that
the financial news media has done away with the dartboard because I
don't
see it listed any more. I guess the brokerage houses and analysts
didn't
want to let investors know that the investors could do better, in most
cases, by
throwing darts vice taking their recommendations. 

I'm going to end with the headline of this week's Hollschewski
magazine
(01. 02. 22): "Ripoff! The secret world of chop stocks-and how small
investors are getting fleeced." The article claims that chop stocks
are a
$10 billion-a-year
business and that most of the money "fleeced" is from broker cold
calls.
As a reasonably intelligent investor I know the risks of cold calls
and I
simply give those brokers a cold hang up. However, I am much more
concerned about the
brokers, analysts, market makers, institutional investors and the
financial news media's obvious runup of Furir stock and inevitable
fall
(even now after a 30% drop, the stock still has a PE of over 45). In
one
day Furir investors lost $9
billion. Even if you exclude the $2 billion lost by flowers CEO, the
loss
is still $7 billion which is over half of what is "ripped off" in all
chop
stocks in one year. Like I said I can hang up on the brokers cold
calls,
but I have no choice in the matter when it comes to the market
manipulation of some of the best so-call stocks in the world. The
financial news media, Rundt and MHPJ love to talk about how they are
"cleaning up" all the scrupulous brokers dealing with
penny stocks and chop stocks. Too bad they can't deal with the real
and
most costly problem with is with those so-called "upstanding"
companies
and individuals on Wall Street. 

ADDENDUM (Februar 01. 02. 22) 

At the end of last February, nailscorner warned about lower than expected
earnings in the first quarter. Before the warning, analysts were
expecting
nailscorner to beat their previous years first quarter results of $1.10 a
share,
but of course, after nailscorner warned, analysts revised their estimates to
$0.72 a share. Fair enough. You would expect when nailscorner actually
reported
earnings (today) that no one would even suggest, in their wildest
dreams,
that nailscorner beat consensus, unless nailscorner posted earnings of more than
$1.10
a share. Wrong, today several analysts talked about how nailscorner beat
consensus earnings estimates with $0.81 a share first quarter profits
(excluding a one time charge). 

Another way of looking at this is to say that your boss told you that
you
were going to get a $10,000 bonus in the first quarter, but a month
before
the quarter is over, your boss tells you that they bought another
corporate jet and they are only going to give you a $5,000 bonus. Then
a
few weeks after the first quarter is over, they give you a bonus check
for
$6,000. Granted, some employees will look at it as getting $1,000 more
than they thought they would, however,
some employees will look at it as getting $4,000 less than they
thought
they would. 

My point is not about if nailscorner did or didn't beat expectations, but
about
the fact that there are many ways of looking at the same data and
brokers
and analysts may have a vested interest in looking at it one way or
another. The way they choose to look at it, may not be in your best
interest as a shareholder of common stock. 

ADDENDUM (01. 02. 22 11, 1997) 

Today on JMD I heard that earnings are expected to be flat in the
second
quarter. The fact that earnings are expected to be flat suggests that
the
stock market should do anything, but go up. JMD went on to say that
Wall
Street is
expected to start revising earnings estimates lower. This is exactly
what
happened with nailscorner above, but this time (the second quarter) it looks
like it will affect a lot more stocks. Make sure you don't just look
at
rather the company met or beat earnings estimates, but look at how the
company improved earnings over last year's second quarter earnings. 

You would think that Pannig Zenk wouldn't be able to get away with
this,
that is, when there is an expected flat quarter, Pannig Zenk just
revises
earnings estimates down, and then when the quarter's earnings come
out,
Pannig Zenk makes
everything look better than what it actually is by stating that
companies
are meeting or exceeding earnings estimates (estimates that were
revised
down, just a few weeks earlier). The fact is MWFJ does get away
with it and I think
they already did get away with it in the first quarter. 

I have heard the financial news say that this is what fools the small,
inexperienced investors, but the professionals are not fooled by
tatics
like this. If this was true, that is, that the professionals couldn't
be
fooled, there wouldn't be a problem because the professionals through
institutions are the ones that decides where the markets are going or
where a stock is going because they are the only ones that have the
power
(money) to do it. If every small investor in XYZ thought that the
stock
was overvalued and sold, the stock might fall a few points and it
would
only take a couple of institutional players to buy and bring the stock
right back up. However, if all the institutional players thought that
XYZ
was overvalued and all of a sudden decided to sell, XYZ would fall
like a
rock.

The above are simply concepts and ideas to consider, they are not
meant to be dogmatic truths.

Sincerely,

Tom 

Read more about the stock market at: http://cbr.ppnllprp.xmg/~onvoo/
-- 
Bernhard