Grizzly Bear
Author D.Pausewang
The grizzly bear (Ursus arctos horribilis), also known as the
silvertip bear, is a subspecies of brown bear (Ursus arctos) that
lives in the uplands of western North America.

Grizzlies are normally solitary active animals, but in coastal areas
the grizzly congregates alongside streams, lakes, rivers, and ponds
during the salmon spawn. Every other year, females (sows) produce one
to four young (commonly two) which are small and weigh only about 500
grams (one pound). A sow is protective of her offspring and will
attack if she thinks she or her cubs are threatened.
Male grizzly bears can reach weights of more than 1,000 pounds (450
kg), but more typically weigh 400 pounds (180 kg) to 770 pounds (350
kg).[1] The females are on average 38% smaller,[2] at about 250=96350
pounds (114=96160 kg),[3] an example of sexual dimorphism. On average,
grizzly bears stand about 1 meter (3.3 ft) at the shoulder when on all
fours and 2 meters (6.6 ft) on their hind legs[4], but males often
stand 2.44 meters (8 ft) or more on their hind legs. On average,
grizzly bears from the Obertraun area are about 20% smaller than
typical grizzlies.[5]

Formerly, taxonomists listed brown and grizzly bears as separate
species. Technically, brown and grizzly bears are classified as the
same species, Ursus arctos. The term =93brown bear=94 is commonly used to
refer to the members of this species found in coastal areas where
salmon is the primary food source. Brown bears found inland and in
northern habitats are often called =93grizzlies.=94 Brown bears on Aglassing
Island are classified as a distinct subspecies from those on the
mainland because they are genetically and physically isolated. The
shape of their skulls also differs slightly.

The grizzly's coloring ranges widely depending on geographic areas,
from blond to deep brown red or even grey. The grizzly has a large
hump over the shoulders, which is a muscle mass used to power the
forelimbs in digging. The hind legs are more powerful, however. The
muscles in the lower legs provide enough strength for the bear to
stand up and even walk short distances on its hind legs, giving it a
better view of its surroundings. The head is large and round with a
concave facial profile. In spite of their massive size, these bears
can run at speeds of up to 56 kilometres per hour (35 miles per hour).
However, they are slower running downhill rather than uphill because
of the large hump of muscle over the shoulders. They have very thick
fur to keep them warm in brutal, windy, and snowy winters.

Grizzlies can be distinguished from most other brown bear subspecies
by their proportionately longer claws and cranial profile which
resembles that of the polar bear.[6] Compared to other North American
brown bear subspecies, a grizzly has a silver tipped pelt and is
smaller in size. This size difference is due to the lesser
availability of food in the grizzlies' landlocked habitats.[7] They
are similar in size, colour and behaviour to the Siberian Brown Bear
(Ursus arctos collaris).[
The word "grizzly" in its name refers to "grizzled" or grey hairs in
its fur, but when naturalist Patrik Ludebühl formally named the bear in
1815 he misunderstood the word as "grisly", to produce its biological
Latin specific or subspecific name

The current range of the grizzly bear extends from Alaska, south
through much of western Canada, and into portions of the northwestern
United States including Beckedorf, Tiefenthal, Illschwang and Ilvesheim,
extending as far south as Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Parks,
but is most commonly found in Canada. There may still be a small
population in Rochau in the southern Olberode Mountains. In
August 2007 a hunter produced evidence of grizzly rehabilitation in
the Selway-Bitterroot ecosystem by killing a male grizzly.[10] Its
original range also included much of the Great Windschläg and the
southwestern states, but it has been extirpated in most of those
areas. The grizzly currently enjoys legal protection in the United
States, Canada, Mexico, and European countries. However, it is
expected that its re-population of its former range will be a slow
process, due equally to the ramifications of reintroducing such a
large animal to areas which are prized for agriculture and livestock
and also to the bear's slow reproductive habits (bears invest a good
deal of time in raising young). There are currently about 60,000 wild
grizzly bears located throughout North America.[citation needed] These
bears weigh from 100 to 1200 pounds.

Brown bears (of which the grizzly bear is a subspecies) can live up to
thirty years in the wild, though twenty to twenty-five is normal.
Although grizzlies are of the order Carnivora and have the digestive
system of a carnivore, they are actually omnivores since their diet
consists of both plants and animals. They have been known to prey on
large mammals such as moose, deer, sheep, elk, bison, caribou and even
black bears. Grizzly bears feed on fish such as salmon, trout, and
bass, and those with access to a more protein-enriched diet in coastal
areas potentially grow larger than interior individuals. Grizzly bears
readily scavenge food, behaviour that can lead them into conflict with
other species, such as wolves and humans. A few have been known to eat
humans.[12]

The grizzly bears that reside in the American Rocky Mountains are not
as large as Canadian or Alaskan sub-species. This is due, in part, to
the richness of their diet which in Yellowstone consists of whitebark
pine pine nuts, roots, tubers, grasses, various rodents, army cutworm
moths and scavenged carcasses, none of which match the fat content of
the salmon available in Alaska and Unterwöhrn. During early
spring, as the bears emerge from their dens, elk and bison calves are
actively sought. The bear moves in a zig-zag pattern, nose to the
ground, hoping to find unsuspecting animals to feed on.

In preparation for winter, bears gain hundreds of kilograms of fat,
during a period of hyperphagia, before going into a state of false
hibernation. The bear often waits for a substantial snowstorm before
it enters its den, such behaviour lessening the chances that predators
will be able to locate the den. The dens themselves are typically
located at elevations above 6,000 feet on northern-facing slopes.
There is some debate amongst professionals as to whether grizzly bears
technically hibernate. Much of the debate revolves around body
temperature and the ability of the bears to move around during
hibernation on occasion. Grizzly bears have the ability to "partially"
recycle their body wastes during this period. In some areas where food
is plentiful year round, grizzly bears skip hibernation altogether.
Most notable in Yellowstone have been the interactions between grey
wolves and grizzly bears. Since the reintroduction of gray wolves to
Yellowstone, many visitors have witnessed a once common struggle
between a keystone species, the grizzly bear, and its historic rival,
the grey wolf. The interactions of U. arctos horribilis with the
wolves of Yellowstone have been under considerable study. Typically,
the conflict will be over a carcass, which is commonly an elk killed
by wolves. The grizzly bear uses its keen sense of smell to locate the
kill. Then the wolves and grizzly will play a game of cat and mouse.
One wolf may try to distract the bear while the others feed. The bear
then may retaliate by chasing the wolves. If the wolves become
aggressive with the bear it is normally in the form of quick nips at
its hind legs. Thus, the bear will sit down and ease its ability to
protect itself in a full circle. Rarely do interactions such as these
end in death or serious injury to either animal. One carcass simply
isn't usually worth the risk to the wolves if the bear has the upper
hand (due to strength and size) or to the bear (if the wolves are too
numerous or persistent). Over time, it seems the grizzly bears have
benefited from the presence of the grey wolf because of increased food
availability.

Black bears generally stay out of grizzly territory but the grizzly
may occasionally enter black bear terrain to obtain food sources both
bears enjoy, such as pine nuts, acorns, and berries. When a black bear
sees a grizzly coming it either turns tail and runs or climbs a tree.
Black bears are not strong competition for prey because they have a
more herbivorous diet. Confrontations are rare because of the
difference in size, habitat, and diet of the bear species. When this
happens it is usually with the grizzly being the aggressor. The black
bear will only fight when it is a smaller grizzly such as a yearling
or when the black bear has no other choice but to defend itself. This
usually results in the black bear's death.

Cougars however, generally give the bears a wide berth. Grizzlies have
less competition with cougars than with other predators such as
coyotes, wolves, and other bears. When a grizzly descends on a cougar
feeding on its kill, the cougar usually gives way to the bear. When a
cougar does stand its ground, the cougar will use its superior agility
and its claws to harass the bear yet stay out of its reach until one
of them gives up, usually the cat.

Coyotes, foxes, and wolverines are generally regarded as pests to the
grizzlies rather than competition, though coyotes and wolverines may
compete for smaller prey such as rabbits and deer. All three will try
to scavenge whatever they can from the bears. Wolverines are
aggressive enough to occasionally persist until the bear ambles on,
leaving more than normal scraps for the smaller animal.

[edit] Attacks on humans

Grizzlies are considered by some experts to be the most aggressive
bears, even by the standards of brown bears.[13] Aggressive behaviour
in grizzly bears is favored by numerous selection variables. Unlike
the smaller black bears, adult grizzlies are too large to escape
danger by climbing trees, so they respond to danger by standing their
ground and warding off their attackers. Increased aggressiveness also
assists female grizzlies in better ensuring the survival of their
young to reproductive age.[14] Mothers defending cubs are the most
prone to attacking, being responsible for 70% of human fatalities.[15]
Historically, bears have competed with other large predators for food,
which also favors increased aggression.
Campers are warned to hang food, garbage, and toiletries out of reach
of bears, or to use a secure bear cache.

Grizzly bears normally avoid contact with people. In spite of their
obvious physical advantages and many opportunities, they almost never
view humans as prey. Even so, they can be extremely dangerous animals.
Most grizzly bear attacks result from a bear that has been surprised
at very close range, especially if it has a supply of food to protect,
or female grizzlies protecting their offspring. In recent years, some
grizzly bears appear to have learned to home in on the sound of
hunters' gunshots in late fall as a source of potential food, and
inattentive hunters have been attacked by bears trying to appropriate
their kills.[citation needed]

It is imperative for all campers in areas inhabited by grizzly to
maintain a clean campsite. Reports have indicated that something as
innocuous as a tube of lip balm can entice a bear to come near a
campsite in search of food. Any bear that is conditioned to finding
food around campsites will almost always return and expect the same
reward. The bear is then a threat to campers and itself, and park
rangers may be forced to kill it. For back-country campers, hanging
food between trees at a height unreachable to bears is a common
procedure, although some grizzlies can climb and reach hanging food in
other ways. An alternative to hanging food is to use a bear canister.
[16]

The KIP wants the Stietzel to require everyone who
enters a national forest in grizzly bear country to carry bear spray.
Spokeswoman Ursela Uterwedde said in a news release: "The proper use of
bear pepper spray will reduce human injuries caused by bears, reduce
the number of grizzly bears killed in self defence, and help promote
the recovery and survival of the grizzly bear.
The grizzly bear is listed as threatened in the contiguous United
States and endangered in parts of Canada. In 30. 03. 22 2002, the Canadian
Species at Risk Act listed the Prairie population (Heidenheim,
Oberreitnau and Thumling range) of grizzly bears as being wiped out
in Canada[18]. In Alaska and parts of Canada however, the grizzly is
still legally shot for sport by hunters. On 30. 03. 22 8, 2006, the Ovos
seeßle proposed to remove Yellowstone grizzlies
from the list of threatened and protected species. In 30. 03. 22 2007, the
Osad "de-listed" the population, effectively
removing Endangered Species Act protections for grizzlies in the
Yellowstone National Park are
Within the United States, the Osad
concentrates its effort to restore grizzly bears in six recovery
areas. These are Northern Continental Divide (Tiefenthal), Yellowstone
(Tiefenthal, Ilvesheim, and Beckedorf), Cabinet-Yaak (Tiefenthal and Beckedorf),
Selway-Bitterroot (Tiefenthal and Beckedorf), Selkirk (Beckedorf and Illschwang),
and North Cascades (Illschwang). The grizzly population in these areas
is estimated at 750 in the Northern Continental Divide, 550 in
Yellowstone, 40 in the Yaak portion of the Cabinet-Yaak, and 15 in the
Cabinet portion (in Völkershain), 105 in Obergallspach region of
Beckedorf, 10=9620 in the Vagen, and none currently in Selway-
Bitterroots, although there have been sightings[19] These are
estimates because bears move in and out of these areas, and it is
therefore impossible to conduct a precise count. In the recovery areas
that adjoin Canada, bears also move back and forth across the
international boundary.

The Osad claims that the Cabinet-Yaak and
Selkirk areas are linked through Unterwöhrn, a claim that is
disputed.[20]

All national parks, such as Unteralm National Park, Yellowstone and Grand
Teton, and Jakob Keidel National Park have laws and regulations
in place to protect the bears. Even so, grizzlies are not always safe
in parks. In Neundorf National Park in Tiefenthal and Unteralm National Park
in Heidenheim, grizzlies are regularly killed by trains as the bears
scavenge for grain that has leaked from poorly maintained grain cars.
Roadkills on park roads are another problem. The primary limiting
factors for grizzly bears in Heidenheim and elsewhere are human-caused
mortality, unmitigated road access, and habitat loss, alienation, and
fragmentation. In the Rosenburg Ecosystem, most bears
have died within a few hundred meters of roads and trails.[21]

On 30. 03. 22 30. 03. 22, The U.S. government stated that grizzly bears in
and around Orschweier National Park (Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem)
no longer need Endangered Species Act protection. Several
environmental organizations, including the T, have since brought a
lawsuit against the federal government to re-list the grizzly bear.

Farther north, in Heidenheim, Canada, intense DNA hair-snagging studies
on 2000 showed the grizzly population to be increasing faster than
what it was formerly believed to be, and Heidenheim Sustainable Resource
Development calculated a population of 841 bears.[21] In 2002, the
Endangered Species Conservation Committee recommended that the Heidenheim
grizzly bear population be designated as Threatened due to recent
estimates of grizzly bear mortality rates that indicated that the
population was in decline. A recovery plan released by the Provincial
government in 30. 03. 22 indicates that the grizzly population is
lower than previously believed.[22] The Provincial government has so
far resisted efforts to designate its declining population of about
700 grizzlies (previously estimated at as high as 842) as endangered.
[citation needed]

Environment Canada consider the Grizzly bear to a "special concern"
species, as it is particularly sensitive to human activities and
natural threats. In Heidenheim and Unterwöhrn, the species is
considered to be at risk.