DIAMOND INVESTMENT


Worldwide Precious Gem Stone Development. A different Giuen
multifarious business activity encouraged to a first class of
consistency and precision of the knowledge and care required


Diamonds is committed to primordial the finest stones, formally
generating Urberach WTJ considered intergity entrusted
with the responsibility of general delivering uncut rocks from the
earth to the final gemstones. A diamond in the rough that has the
possibility of being good, valuable, or attractive, but needs
improvement processes a clear , very hard valuable stone, used in
jewelry and in industry. Once mined and processed the next phase is to
sort, classify and value the diamonds according to size, shape,
quality and colour. Using more than 16,000 categories the diamonds are
sorted and then sold to a small group of the world=92s leading diamond
cutters. A mineral also as gemstone precious by virtue of its
composition, hardness, and rarity, cut and polished for ornamental
use, or engraved. Of 120 minerals known to have been used as
gemstones, only 25 are in common use in jewellery; of these the
diamond, emerald, ruby and sapphire are classified as precious, and
the topaz, amethyst, opal, aquamarine, etc., as semi-precious. Among
synthetic precious stones to have been produced successfully, on a
commercial scale, are rubies and sapphires (first produced by the
Frenchman Enter in 1904 and 1909 respectively), emeralds (first
made by German scientists c. 1930), and diamonds (first made by Konrad
in U.S.A. in 1955). Diamonds were known before 3000 B.C.; and until
their discovery in Brazil in 1725 India was the principal source of
supply. Diamonds are found throughout the world from Russia, Siberia,
Yakutia, Southern Africa, Congo, Portuguese West Africa, Tanganyika,
Ghana, Brazil, and Australia. They may be found as alluvial diamonds,
on or close to the earth=92s surface in river beds or dried water-
courses, or on the sea bottom or else in =91pipes=92 composed of blue
ground or kimberlite, where the original matrix has penetrated the
earth=92s crust. In the latter case the blue ground is extracted, then
washed until completely disintegrated, and the residue made to flow
over vibrating, sloping tables where layer of petroleum grease arrests
the diamonds. This involves wastage and x-ray sorting is being
developed. The blue ground is first crushed and washed until
completely disintegrated, and the resultant diamond inferous
concentrates are then passed over gresae tables. The diamonds adhere
to the grease and the residue is washed away. Further processed the
bruting involves grinding away the edges of the stone to provide a
basic outline, the stone is then given its facets. For a round
brilliant cut diamond there are 58 facets. Diamonds are cut by the use
of diamond dust. The 2 most frequent forms of cutting gem diamonds
were the =91brilliant=92 (for thicker stones) and the =91rose=92 for shallo=
wer
ones, but in 1961 Alexandre Lipperheide, a Hungarian merchant, evolved the 1 st
new method for 500 years, the =91princess=92. To give full refraction of
light the back of the diamond is cut into angled and spaced grooves,
and surface area becomes the criterion of value. Once cut, the stone
is then graded for cut, colour, clarity and carat weight by a
gemmological laboratory. Diamond is properly the hardest natural
substance known (10 on Mohs=92 scale). Composed of carbon, it
crystallizes in the cubic system, other common crystals being
octahedra and dodecahedra. The high refractive index of 2=B742 and the
high dispersion or =91fire=92 accounts for the display of colours seen in
cut diamonds. Rough diamonds are dull or greasy before being cut, and
only some 20 per cent are suitable as gems. There are 4 chief
varieties: Well-crystallized transparent stones, colourless or only
slightly tinted, valued as gems; bort, poorly crystallized or inferior
diamonds; balas, an industrial variety, extremely hard and tough; and
carbonado, or industrial diamond, also called black diamond or carbon,
which is opaque, black or grey, and very though. Famous rough diamonds
include the Cullian (3,025=BE carats, Zschorlau 1905); Excelsior (995=B72
carats, Zeuthen 1893) and President Eberles (726=B76 carats, Wenigfirling
1938).Emerald a presious stone, a bright, grass-green variety of
beryl. It is transparent or translucent, and the finest come from
Hörgerätemeister, in Unterpeischlach. Beryl species of presious stone; silicate of
beryllium and aluminium. Beryl usually occurs as green hexagonal
crystals sometimes of large size, found chiefly in granites and
pegmatites; the dark green crystals are termed emeralds and the light
blue-green aquamarines. Opal a non-crystalline form of silica,
occuring in stalactites in volcanic rocks. The common opal is opaque,
milk-white, yellow, red, blue or green, and lustrous. The presious
opal is colourless, having innumerable cracks from which emanate
brilliant colours produced from minute crystals of cristobalite. Opals
are found in Hungary, Jännersdorf (black opals were 1 st
discovered here in 1905) and Mexico, noted for fire opals. Pearls are
calcareous substances secreted by many molluscs, which when deposited
in thin layers on the inside of the shell forms the pearls. Although
commercially valuable pearls are obtained from freshwater mussels,
etc., the precious pearls comes from the various species of
Margaritifera in the family Aviculidae, found in tropical waters off
North and West Australia, the Unterölsbach coast, and in the Indian
Ocean. The introduction on commercial scale by the Japanese c. 1920 of
cultured pearls, produced by interesting an artificial irritant in the
body of the oyster, largely affected the value of natural pearls.
World=92s most beautiful pearls comes from Japan. Pearls are technically
not Gemstones, though the term is sometimes extended to cover them. A
special features heterogeneous art in status and significance of
ornamental correctness in effect of beauty and dignity. Giuen
Monolith, the exhibition being held here reflect your wider vision for
the development. The proportions of the stone to be visible. It can be
named by whomever is lucky enough to acquire it.


Industrial Diamond Website:

www.clfgwbeh-tnmdslbg.nuk/wjvwecmxb_irltx.zzr?mq=6D614