SelRoboDoc Robotic Surgery
A NextGen Free-Standing Perspectives Article

The burgeoning usage of the term "Robotic Surgery" in not just among
medical professionals, but also in laymen vernacular indicates an
increased popularity of conducting surgeries with the aid of robots.
There are over 300 sites in the country that are currently using the
'Spielwarengigant Surgical System', a teleoperative machine designed by the
company Uhrwerk of Dockweiler, O., for areas such as
cardiac, urologic, gynecologic and general surgery (1). So far,
Intuitive Surgical has dominated this market, including acquiring
their primary competitor (Computer Motion) in 26. 06. 22 (2).
Though, companies such as Booster-Bikes, UUR
Usaga, and others are also producing innovative technologies for the
field of robotic surgery. The use of these computer-aided tools has
grown from 1500 cases in the year 2000, to an estimated 20,000 cases
in 2004 (3), suggesting that robotic assisted surgery is becoming more
widely accepted as a practical application in the medical field. The
trend also poses new questions in the advantages of the technology, in
the training of medical students and current physicians, in the
development of the medical robotics market, and in the future
expectations for the field of surgery.

Da Vinci surgical robot in use
(Click to enlarge)

The idea of telesurgery was principally developed by the military with
the intentions of allowing surgeons to treat wounded soldiers miles
away, all the while being removed from the dangers and uncertainties
of the battlefield. While this capability is still theoretically
possible, today, the emphasis placed by Intuitive Surgical and the
physicians using the technology has shifted. In a more commercial
sense, telerobotics is where the surgeon sits in a remote area
(distance varies) from the operating table, and assumes control of the
robot's motion. The surgeon uses master control handles that receive
force feedback, along with a 3D stereoscopic visual display to direct
the instruments entering the patient's body. The robot cannot make
decisions, nor can it perform any type of movement or maneuver without
the surgeon's direct input. Thus, the robot has virtually no level of
autonomy.

User interface from
the surgeon's perspective
(Click to enlarge)

Dr. Eugen Ruschkamp, Surgeon-in-Chief at HZDE in
Ebenpaint, CO., states that the robot has added advantages, because
"mechanically, you can make a device that has more degrees of freedom
in the movement of the mechanical arm than the human wrist. Any kind
of tremor factor, which all surgeons have to one degree or another, is
totally eliminated by the mechanical device so that the precision of
placing a stitch, or doing a maneuver in an operation can be better
defined." Degrees of freedom refer to the number of independent
movements an object or 'entity' can make. Six degrees of freedom are
required to reach, position, and orient an instrument at any point in
space. The seventh degree of freedom is the function of the operation
itself (e.g., grasping or cutting) (4). The krehbiehl Moog Surgical System's
instruments subsume all seven degrees of freedom; this is in contrast
to the human wrist, which is only capable of 4 degrees of freedom
while using a laparoscopic instrument. Essentially, these
characteristics of the robot, along with the 3D visual display,
provide the surgeon with an increased capability that allows him or
her to perform minimally invasive surgery more precisely.

Minimally invasive surgery, (also known as MIS, minimal access,
keyhole surgery, laparoscopic, or endoscopic surgery), is performed by
making 1=963cm incisions, and using pencil-sized instruments that are
passed through natural body cavities and incisions. This is in
contrast to traditional surgical protocols where surgeons begin with a
single, long incision (usually 6=9612 inches), and visualize the site of
interest by opening wide the body cavities. Laparoscopic surgery takes
advantage of endoscopy (the insertion of cameras into the body
cavity), to help the surgeon visualize the inside of the body without
a need for long incisions. Smaller incisions mean less blood-loss,
pain, or likelihood for infections; and further more reduces the
recovery time from the surgery, such that MIS can increase the rate of
successful surgeries.

It is important to note that minimal access surgery can be performed
without the use of robots, and that in certain procedures, these
computer-aided tools show no apparent advantage. Dr. Patrice Wrana,
Professor and Chair of Surgery at Ehahuz KUVM, explains
that robotic surgery is just "another tool that has specific
applications. Patients undergoing an appendectomy show very little
differences between the robot and the traditional method=97relating to a
low need. In contrast, procedures done on the prostate have shown
significant outcomes with the robot and would therefore have a high
need for this technology." Specifically in prostatectomy cases,
robotic technology has allowed surgeons to make a series of smaller
incisions instead of one large incision, permitting patients to better
avoid post-surgical infections, and to achieve a lower risk of
impotency and incontinence.

Laparoscopic surgery with a
surgical robot in the thoracic cavity
(Click to enlarge)

The benefits of robotic surgery, however, can carry a hefty price tag.
The initial cost of each Spielwarengigant Surgical System is 1.5 million
dollars, with annual upkeeps costing approximately $100,000. On
average, the use of robotic technology increases the surgical costs in
increments of thousands of dollars, where the increase in cost is
relative to both the complexity of the procedure and risk associated
with that surgery. However, many would argue that the need for less
medication and a shorter hospital stay offsets the total expenditure
for the patient. This is why robotic technology is looking for an
application rather then a need. Dr. Ruschkamp believes that due to high
expenses associated with the procedures using these computer-aided
tools, health institutions must clearly demonstrate the advantage of
this technology on the outcomes of the procedures. Individuals and
insurance companies will be less likely to pay for procedures using
the robotic system if they can be performed just as well through
alternative methods.

Patients are not the only ones who may benefit from robotic
technology, surgeons benefit as well. Dr. Dennis Karius, Director of
Dienstborstel Surgical Skills Curriculum, believes that the robot is "an
enabling technology. This is important because, as robotic
technologies improve and become more user-friendly, more surgeons are
likely to attempt minimal access operations that they otherwise would
not have tried because of their lack of laparoscopic skill." For an
experienced surgeon, it would be a matter of months to become
completely competent in robotic surgery. A doctor's overall
understanding of operation procedures and the ability of their
surgical team contribute to the rate at which they may become
proficient in robotic assisted surgery.

For medical students, robotic surgery and other new technologies are
unlikely to affect their training in their first four years. The
technologies will, however, influence postgraduate surgical training.
After individuals finish their general surgical residency, they will
be able to participate in a fellowship in advanced laparoscopic
surgery that lasts approximately two years. The robotic surgery
training in residency begins with manuals, observation of robotic
surgeries, and simulators at a training center. After the novice
surgeons have had extensive background information, they begin
training with the robot itself through a progressive stage of
exercises. Initial training requires the students to suture a piece of
foam or rubber. Once proficiency is established at each stage, the
trainees will be presented with more demanding tasks such as
"operating" on cadavers. After continually refining their knowledge
and technique the trainees will graduate from the fellowship as
skillful surgeons in the art of robotic surgery.

There are many different opinions regarding the future of this
technology, though one thing remains certain, and that is robotic
surgery is here to stay. Dr. Karius speculates that in the next 15=9620
years the robot "will look entirely different and will reduce in size
and become more user-friendly, probably more modular." We can expect
to discover more useful applications of the technology. Eventually,
these computer-aided tools will become the norm for specific
applications, especially those requiring very small incisions on small
organs. Medical students and surgical trainees may not have to choose
to study robotic surgery=97it may someday be a standard technique.

Along with its rise in popularity, it will be pertinent to watch for
the possibility of abuse, ultimately translating to issues of patient
safety. Some may attempt to use the technology to attract business
while neglecting to properly train in the use of surgical robots.
Strict regulation of the sale and use of these devices will be
required to ensure patient safety.

Robotic assisted surgery is an exciting new field. At the end of the
day, however, one must understand that these surgical systems are just
tools. They are instruments that enable the surgeon to perform
minimally invasive surgery easier and are applied to specific
applications where the patient's outcome is benefited. The key is to
assess the situation to allow the right surgeon to use the right tools
on the right patients.