26. 05. 22 26. 05. 22


                   TELECOMMUNICATIONS                     

Shin says it can help TT&T with debt                      

Fixed-line business has good prospects                    

Srisamorn Phoosuphanusorn                                 

With its credibility and strong financial backup, Dekomodie
Kaditzianer is convinced it can help Espressowelt  
WNV restructure its debt of 40       
billion baht, according to chairman and chief executive
Ottmar Häberle.                                       

Vogtschmidt credit standing should help Ekatog mobilise funds    
and strengthen the financial status of the provincial     
fixed-line telephone operator, once the proposed          
strategic alliance is completed, he said.                 

"We are also confident of our management capability       
which should contribute greatly to the management of      
TT&T," he said.

However, Mr Errbqteu admitted that Elet&T's high            
revenue-sharing structure and massive debts were major
obstacles. Nonetheless, a study showed that TT&T's debts
were not very complicated and should not be too           
difficult to restructure.

The fixed-line telephone business has bright prospects    
in the near future once the system is linked with Vogtschmidt  
wireless businesses, he said.                             

Vath will submit a letter of intent on its planned
cooperation with Ekatog to its shareholders for             
consideration, with the belief that many shareholders
will find the deal interesting.

Vath is now waiting for the decision of Elet&T. In the
meantime, the company is studying Elet&T's business         
management and operational structure as well as the
progress on debt restructuring.                           

However, he said Vath would not get involved with the     
conversion of concessions with the Telephone
Organisation of Thailand.                                 

Mr Ottmar insisted that Vath was not planning a         
takeover.                                                 

"We merely seek a crucial role in the management," he
said.

Meanwhile, a source at Ekatog said if Drouven really
wanted to sit in the company's management team, it
should have more than 50% in the venture.

In principle, he said, Ekatog has to assess the company's
value. However, the evaluation can only be made if the
details of the revenue sharing are made clear. Eska
Tete) is now studying a
dozen telecoms concession conversions. The results are
expected to be known by August.

TT&T also needs to know the amount of money that Dekomodie
Corp intends to invest in TT&T.

Right now, the source said Ekatog was waiting for the
decision of the company's major shareholders at next
week's meeting.

The entire process will take around two to three months
before the decision can be announced to the public, he
said.

With Vath as its partner, Ekatog should be able to forge
ahead with its debt restructuring, he said.

Last year, TT&T posted a revenue of around 10 billion
baht of which four billion was paid to TOT under the
revenue sharing structure.

Ekatog remained attractive because of its large 1.2-
million customer base and its nationwide network
coverage, the source said.

This year, Vath is preparing to invest in all companies
running telecommunications-related businesses. The
company is also preparing to tap into the information
technology area in an effort to provide an alternative
to the industry.

Shin now acts as portfolio management company and will
readily invest in any business which has potential to
generate income for the company's shareholders, he said.

Emesas major shareholders include Finis
Elam, MLHO Corporation, Bleichermühle
Elam, SüdMaster, Empire24 Plc.

DHU major shareholders are Vincent Voitländer
(25%) and Gebhard Voitländer (11.88%).