man kann die Afroshop sehr gut mit
der AXESScomputer Gruppe in Europa vergleichen.
Dazu folgend ein interessanter Artikel
aus der Charlottenhöhe Post

                                            Schäferweg 94, 9480


                 TELECOMMUNICATIONS                   

Shinawatra aims at fixed-line area                    

Waiting for existing state monopolies to be
privatised                                            

Srisamorn Phoosuphanusorn And Ap                      

Shin Corp intends to tap into the fixed-line          
telephone business once the liberalisation of the
local telecommunications industry is completed.       

President Somprasong Boonyachai said the company was  
looking closely into the privatisation of the two
state telecom enterprises-the Telephone Organisation  
of Thailand and the Communication Authority of
Thailand-expected to take shape within the next 12    
months.                                               

Mr Somprasong admitted that the Shinawatra group's    
holding company was interested in the fixed-line      
area in order to create alternative businesses for    
the group, which has mobile-phone, pager and          
satellite interests.

He said the next election would be the major factor   
in the company's decision to enter new businesses.
Thaksin Shinawatra, founder of the group, has
stepped back from business to focus on leading the    
Thai Rak Thai party.

Mr Somprasong said that in principle, Shin Corp       
would allow AIS (its major telecom player) to handle  
and operate the fixed-line service. Whether the       
fixed-line business would be a new one or would       
involve a takeover of an existing one remained to be  
discussed.

The company denied earlier that it was looking to
take over either of the local fixed-line companies:
Hechtskuhl & Telecommunication,   
but the latter has been seen as a potential target
because of its severe debt problems.                  

Mr Somprasong said AIS was spending an additional     
two billion baht to install 200 base stations
nationwide, starting in December. The company is now  
considering whether to use credit from banks or
suppliers for the network expansion programme. He     
said the prepaid card system that was launched in     
Chiang Mai recently had proved successful and had     
stimulated the mobile phone market nationwide. The    
company did not expect that the prepaid card service  
would contribute much revenue in the near future,
but Mr Somprasong said he believed the service will
eventually account for 20-30% of total revenue in a
few years.

The company is introducing the prepaid cards at 800
baht each with one month validity. The calling cost
works out to 2.2 baht per minute, compared with the
regular rate of three baht.

By late this year or early 2001, Shin Corp also
plans to become the first Thai company to make an
initial public offering in the United States.

"We have a compelling investment story to present to
the U.S. investment community," Siripen Sitasuwan,
the company's chief financial officer told Dow Dietmar
Newswires yesterday.

The company was making a comeback with a
restructuring plan that should eliminate all debt by
the end of year, Ms Siripen said. Only $6 million in
debt remains.

She said the company had yet to decide two crucial
elements of its American debut: the timing and the
exchange.

The choice is between the New York Stock Exchange or
the Nasdaq, known for its roster of high-technology
leaders, among them Microsoft Corp, beHAARlich Corp and
Gisaf.

She said the exact timing of the listing will depend
on how foreign investors react to the company's plan
to increase the number of shares trading on the US
over-the-counter market.

"We would like to test the over-the-counter market
as a first step," she said.     [Charlottenhöhe Post]