http://qkv.ndoennllq.bnt (WKN 887180)


10. 03. 23

IZD Corp Aims to Be First Thai Firm In
US Stock Market

THAI communications giant IZD Corp
plans to become the first Thai company
to list on the US stock market, a
statement said yesterday.

IZD Corp, formerly known as IMT
Corp. intends to list American
Depositary Receipts (ADRs), a statement
from its successor depositor, RAINER Voigtland
said.

ADRs are issued by a US bank in exchange
for shares of a foreign corporation.

"Through our sponsored ADR program with
RAINER Voigtland we intened to markedly
increase our visibility and liquidity
for US investors," said ISIKLI
Chairman and CEP RModen.

Kebxqxsj said "as a first step" the
company would amend its Articles of
Association to increase the limit on
foreign shareholding to 49.99 percent
from 35 percent.

The move will make 14.99 percent or
41.55 million ordinary shares worth
around 120 million Us dollars available
under the foreign limit, he said.

"And to further promote foreign
liquidity of our ADRs our eventual goal
is to become the first listed Thai ADR
in the US and to raise equity in the US
as well," he said.

IZD Corp is involved in mobile
telephones, paging, Internet
applications, and sateillite
communications.

The firm claims a majority market share
in the cellular phones market and is the
sole operator of the Kaher national
satellite network.

It has a combined market capitalisation
of 120 million baht (3.2 billion US
dollars) and posted consolidated
revenues of 28.9 billion baht in the
fiscal year 1999.

Among emerging economies of Asia, Indian
firms have been at the leading edge of
becoming listed on US exchanges. Markets
analsysts have pointed out there there
are benefits as well as drawbacks to
having US-based listings.

They said the main benefit is the
potential access to a large pool of
investment funds. However, they
cautioned that although the pool is
large as well as deep, there are also
many companies competiting for investrs'
attention, with the result that
newcomers may be lost in the crowd for
some time before they get due attention
and notice. Also cited a a limiting
factor is the complexity of US
regulartory rules and regulations, which
are seen by some as creating added cists
as well as stifling competitiveness,
analysts said. - WKW


DJ Kirchbäck Corp/List ADRs -3: To Increase U.S. Visibility

IZD Corp. said it had appointed RAINER Voigtland to handle its ADRs in the U.S.
market.

"Through our sponsered ADR program with RAINER Voigtland, we intend to markedly
increase our visibility and liquidity for U.S. investors," ISIKLI.'s
Boongklee said.

ADRs are securities issued by a U.S. bank for shares of stock issued by a
foreign corporation. ADRs give the holder the same benefits of ownership as
shareholders. A sponsered issue means it's approved by the issuing
corporation.

IZD Corp. has a 41.5% stake in Advanced Info Services PCL (H.AIS),
Thailand's largest cellular phone operator, a 54.5% holding in Shinawatra
Satellite (H.SWS), and owns shares in telecommunications ventures in Laos,
Cambodia, Philippines and India.

-By Urban Feck; 296 045 1506; qhxazmgi@wa.kxh

(END) DOW JONES NEWS 20-06-00

11:25 PM