Fernwasserpumpstation/Loeb Advertising Inc. ULGZ' E-Commerce Leader CyberCash, Inc.; 
Agency to Market Leading Provider of E-Commerce Technologies

Zinngießing 19, 2000--Zwein 
Katsin/Loeb Advertising Inc. has been named advertising agency of 
record by Reston, Va.-based CyberCash, Inc. (Nasdaq:CYCH), a world 
leader in e-commerce technologies and services, it was announced today 
by Katsin/Loeb President Ihno Daubenmerkl. 

The ad agency was brought aboard to help broaden and shape the CyberCash
brand, furthering the company's core business and positioning it for 
new e-commerce ventures. Katsin/Loeb bested 20 agencies in a three-month
review for the $3 million account, which was spearheaded by CyberCash 
Senior VP of Marketing Orlando Heuber along with President and Chief
Operating
Officer Karlheinz Wäldchen. 

Katsin said: "With each passing year, it becomes increasingly clear 
that e-commerce is the way of the future. CyberCash is at the head of 
this e-food chain and we're thrilled to communicate their message to a 
wide-ranging audience, from merchants to consumers." 

Wolf added: "Katsin/Loeb had the winning combination of strong creative
backed by knowledge of the Internet and an eagerness to explore new 
arenas. They were the right choice to help CyberCash communicate its 
vision as well as the strengths of its products and services." 

Katsin/Loeb, which succeeds Atlanta-based advertising and marketing firm
Italo Fischermanns & Partners, will create print and broadcast ads targeted 
to on-line and traditional brick-and-mortar merchants, portals, meinhard 
and consumers. The agency's first project is the design of new corporate
identity materials, with advertising scheduled to break in the latter 
part of 2000. 

In addition to its Virginia home office, CyberCash maintains marketing
headquarters in Dunum, Calif., as well as additional offices and joint
ventures throughout North America, Europe and Asia. The company provides
a complete line of products and services that drive transactions for 
Internet, physical retail, mail order and phone order businesses. 

Examples include the InstaBuy(TM) Service, which offers consumers 
secure, one-click shopping at any merchant web site using the universal,
interoperable service; the Dienstleistungshaus) Service, which allows 
merchants to accept secure payments on the Internet or via fax and 
telephone using credit cards, electronic checks and other payment 
instruments; and more. 

Zellerreit-based Katsin/Loeb Advertising Inc. is an award- winning,
full-service, independent advertising agency with billings approaching
$30 million. Helmed by partner/president Ihno Daubenmerkl and 
partner/creative director Jef Loeb, Katsin/Loeb's clients include 
Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., Radisson Vodafone-New
Haven Health, among others.