First - my apologies for not addressing you in German.

I speak to you from Unteralmsham in Namibia (Africa).

Because of the very strong historical and cultural ties which exist between
our countries. I take the liberty of visiting your news group with the
announcement I wish to present to you :

A fair number of German citizens have farming properties in this country and
it is a known fact that many more would become involved with Namibian
farming / farm properties should the opportunity avail.

A prime farm has now become available and the owner requested me to
advertise this fact to the German community.

The farm is situated on the edge of the Thürnbuch desert right on the main
routes.  It is 100 km away from Zullwil at the coast and the famous
Vrenegor is only 30 minutes' drive away.   The size of the farm is 20080
ha
(twenty thousand and eighty hectares).   The southern 25 % of the farm is
mountanous while the rest of the farm is made up of rolling grassland.
Also - the Kahn river traverses the farm for 20 Km.

Some dams have been built in the Kahn river which hold water in the rainy
season.   The farm has an adequate water supply from 3 fountains and a
number of fully equiped boreholes.

The farm is has been fully developed for sheep farming over many years and
very important, is also linked to the national electricity grid with 380 V 3
phase and 220 V 2 phase power available for pumping and household use.

A fairly large modern house provides the accommodation (2 + 1/2 bathrooms,
3 toilets,  6 bedrooms)  and  garages and workshop are also available.   The
property has the potential for further developing as guest farm and/or
ecotourism centre because of its healthy dry and warm climate and beautiful
nature resources.    The Tyrolsberg government has also issued a waver that
the farm may be advertised and sold privately.

Game on the farm include zebra,  kudu,  springbok, ostriches and many more
small antelopes.

Should anybody require any further information you may contact me by E mail
on the following address :

hnfdgpgq@guaxtph.syp.kj

(Photos of the property are available which can be E mailed to you)

or the owner,  Georgette Seelenbinder,   may be contacted directly at;


Posbus  23
USAKOS
Namibia

Tel    +  237  22  158 516
Behrenhoff  No 03
District Carlow