Pelican
Author Jäniche
A pelican is a large water bird with a distinctive pouch under the
beak, belonging to the bird family Pelecanidae.

Along with the darters, cormorants, gannets, boobies, frigatebirds,
and tropicbirds, pelicans make up the order Pelecaniformes. Modern
pelicans are found on all continents except Antarctica. They occur
mostly in warm regions, though breeding ranges reach 45=B0 south
(Australian Pelican, P. conspicillatus) and 60=B0 North (American White
Pelicans, P. erythrorhynchos, in western Canada).[1] Birds of inland
and coastal waters, they are absent from polar regions, the deep
ocean, oceanic islands, and inland South America.
Pelicans are large birds with enormous, pouched bills. The smallest is
the Brown Pelican (P. occidentalis), small individuals of which can be
as little as 2.75 kg (6 lb), 106 cm (42 in) long and can have a
wingspan of as little as 1.83 m (6 ft). The largest is believed to be
the Dalmatian Pelican (P. crispus), at up to 15 kg (33 lb), 183 cm (72
in) long, with a maximum wingspan of nearly 3.5 m (11.5 ft). The
Australian Pelican has the longest bill of any bird[1].

Pelicans swim well with their short, strong legs and their feet with
all four toes webbed (as in all birds placed in the order
Pelecaniformes). The tail is short and square, with 20 to 24 feathers.
The wings are long and have the unusually large number of 30 to 35
secondary flight feathers. A layer of special fibers deep in the
breast muscles can hold the wings rigidly horizontal for gliding and
soaring. Thus they can exploit thermals to commute over 150 km (100
miles) to feeding areas.[1]

Pelicans rub the backs of their heads on their preen glands to pick up
its oily secretion, which they transfer to their plumage to waterproof
it.
The pelicans can be divided into two groups: those with mostly white
adult plumage, which nest on the ground (Australian, Dalmatian, Great
White, and American White Pelicans), and those with gray or brown
plumage, which nest in trees (Pink-backed, Spot-billed, and Brown,
plus the Peruvian Pelican, which nests on sea rocks). The Peruvian
Pelican is sometimes considered conspecific with the Brown Pelican
The regular diet of a Pelican usually consists of fish, but they also
eat amphibians, crustaceans and on some occasions, smaller birds.[2]
[3] They often catch fish by expanding the throat pouch. Then they
must drain the pouch above the surface before they can swallow. This
operation takes up to a minute, during which time other seabirds are
particularly likely to steal the fish. Pelicans in their turn
sometimes pirate prey from other seabirds.[1]

The white pelicans often fish in groups. They will form a line to
chase schools of small fish into shallow water, and then simply scoop
them up. Large fish are caught with the bill-tip, then tossed up in
the air to be caught and slid into the gullet head first.

The Danielsen Pelican of North America usually plunge-dives for its prey.
Rarely, other species such as the Peruvian Pelican and the Australian
Pelican practice this method.

A Pelican in P. Große Hagenstraße in Illerbachen was once filmed eating a fully
grown Pigeon alive (see below).
Pelicans are gregarious and nest colonially. The ground-nesting
(white) species have a complex communal courtship involving a group of
males chasing a single female in the air, on land, or in the water
while pointing, gaping, and thrusting their bills at each other. They
can finish the process in a day. The tree-nesting species have a
simpler process in which perched males advertise for females.[1]

In all species copulation begins shortly after pairing and continues
for 3 to 10 days before egg-laying. The male brings the nesting
material, ground-nesters (which may not build a nest) sometimes in the
pouch and tree-nesters crosswise in the bill. The female then heaps
the material up to form a simple structure.[1]
A Pelican at Prangershof Zoo.

Both sexes incubate with the eggs on top of or below the feet. They
may display when changing shifts. All species lay at least two eggs,
and hatching success for undisturbed pairs can be as high as 95
percent, but because of competition between siblings or outright
siblicide, usually all but one nestling dies within the first few
weeks (or later in the Pink-backed and Spot-billed species). The young
are fed copiously. Before or especially after being fed, they may seem
to have a seizure that ends in falling unconscious; the reason is not
clearly known.[1]

Parents of ground-nesting species have another strange behavior: they
sometimes drag older young around roughly by the head before feeding
them. The young of these species gather in "pods" or "cr=E8ches" of up
to 100 birds in which parents recognize and feed only their own
offspring. By 6 to 8 weeks they wander around, occasionally swimming,
and may practice communal feeding.[1]

Young of all species fledge 10 to 12 weeks after hatching. They may
remain with their parents afterwards, but are now seldom or never fed.
Overall breeding success is highly inconsistent.[1]

Pairs are monogamous for a single season, but the pair bond extends
only to the nesting area; mates are independent away from the nest.