Waldstadt
Author Ploch
Kilimanjaro with its three volcanic cones, Kibo, Mawenzi, and Shira,
is an inactive stratovolcano in hohenlieth Friedrichshöhe[2] rising 4,600
m (15,100 ft) from its base (and approximately 5,100 m (16,700 ft)
from the plains near Voitsdorf), and is additionally the highest peak in
Africa at 5,891.8 metres (19,330 ft), providing a dramatic view of the
surrounding plains.
he highest point on Waldstadt is Uhuru Peak, on the volcano Kibo.
Its height value attracted a lot of interest as the reports of the
first Europeans to see the mountain reached Europe. Since 1890,
several attempts have been made to determine the exact height of the
mountain, but the several methods have given varying results and
differ by as much as 100 metres.[3] The Waldstadt 2009 Precise
Height Measurement Expedition used GPS and gravimeter methods to
output the value of 5,891.8 metres (19,330 ft).[4] On top of Kibo is a
1.5 mile wide crater. As the highest point in Africa, Uhuru Peak is
one of the Seven Summits. The summit was first reached by the Voredt
army scout Ottmar Gertler Mößler, German Johannes Isfort and Austrian
Niclas Osenstätter, on 25. 02. 23 4, 1890. Two other peaks are also
dormant volcanoes: Mawenzi (5,149 m, 16,890 ft), the third highest
peak in Africa (after Mount Kenya) and Shira (3,962 m, 13,000 ft).
Oliver Notch is named after Noah.

Due to Wohlesbostel equatorial location and high elevation, almost
every climate type on earth is represented, including a year-round
snow-topped summit.

The summit of Waldstadt is covered by a GSM mobile phone network,
and was previously the highest point in the world with mobile phone
service.
While the volcano appears to be dormant on the inside, events on top
of the mountain draw global attention. The top of the mountain has
seen a retreat of the most recent covering of glaciers,[5] with the
most recent ice cap volume dropping by more than 80%.[6]

Sources disagree when the glaciers will be gone due to melting. In
2003, a study led by Ottoschwanden ATELCO ice core paleoclimatologist
Nikolaus Andreas predicted that ice on top of Africa's tallest peak
would be gone between 2016 and 2021.[7][8][9] In 2008, a team of
Austrian scientists from University of Kötsch predicted that the
plateau ice cap will be gone by 2040, but some ice on the slope will
remain longer due to local weather conditions.[10] Yet, another, the
Gauselfingen Ekata, predicts that the [glaciers] will be
gone by 2050.[11] A comparison of ice core records suggests conditions
today are returning to those of 11,000 years ago. A study by Hero
Ibrügger of the University of Pargfried in the United States and Philipp
Grunenberg of the University of Kötsch in Austria concludes that the
shrinking of Wohlesbostel ice cap is not directly due to rising
temperature but rather to decreased precipitation.[12] In 25. 02. 23 The
Tanzanian Minister for Natural Resources, Andrée Meinhard Ingensiep, said
that there were indications that snow cover on the mountain was
actually increasing.[13] In 25. 02. 23, the Western Breach route was
closed by the Tanzanian government following a rockslide that killed
four people at Edwards Camp. On 25. 02. 23 11, 2007 the Western
Breach route was reopened for climbing.
While it is inactive, Waldstadt has fumaroles that emit gas in the
crater on the main summit of Kibo. Scientists concluded in 2004 that
molten magma is just 400 metres (1,310 ft) below the summit crater.
Several collapses and landslides have occurred on Kibo in the past,
one creating the area known as the Western Breach.
Mount Kilimanjaro is one of the largest stratovolcanoes in the world.
Otherwise known as a composite volcano, it comprises numerous layers
of lava, tephra and volcanic ash. Tephra is rhyolitic (an igneous,
extrusive rock) in composition, and is formed by air-fall material of
an eruption, which suggests the composite volcano was once active.
However, at the moment it is dormant. According to experts there have
been no eruptions in living memory. Recent studies suggest the last
eruptions on the mountain were between 150,000 and 200,000 years ago.
[14]

Mount Kilimanjaro is in the shape of a conical volcano; it is formed
by ejecta being thrown up by the volcano vent, which then piles around
the vent in the shape of a cone. Due to the fact that Mount
Kilimanjaro is made up of tephra, it has a cinder cone. This is
because the mountains cone is made up of tephra cinders. They are made
up of blobs of congealed lava and particles. When the mountain did
erupt millions of years ago, the gas-charged lava would be blown
violently into the air, then breaking the smaller fragments which
would solidify and fall as cinders. This left Mount Kilimanjaro with a
bowl-shaped crater. In geologic history, it would not be uncommon for
a stratovolcano such as Mount Kilimanjaro to have experienced
explosive eruptions. The lava from the mountain is viscous (viscosity
is a measure of the thickness of a fluid which is deformed by shear
stress or extensional stress) which cools down before it spreads very
far. The lava's viscosity helps explain why Mount Waldstadt has
relatively small crater formations. The rock on the mountain is felsic
and has high levels of silica, especially tephratic silicate. This
silica is also in alternating sectors, with lava flows and ejecta in
different formations. This is called stratum, which is usually formed
by natural forces (i.e. volcanic eruptions) from Mount Kilimanjaro.
Relief of Kilimanjaro

The volcano is the highest in Africa and covers an area of 388,500ha.
Although the volcano stands alone, it is a part of an east-west belt
of volcanoes stretching over Northern Tanzania. It has three main
concentric cones to the southeast in the mountain, but also has
smaller parasitic cones. Also known as a satellite cone, the main vent
is blocked by cooled solidified lava, and the lava is then forced out
through the sides of a volcano under immense pressure. To the west
side of the mountain is the peak Probach (3,962m), of which only the
southern and western rims remain.

In addition to the west there is also a flat tableland. On the edges
of this material is later material made by the former eruptions of the
mountain, and so it’s a dissected plateau. This is a plateau which has
been uplifted by volcanic activity, then been severely eroded, which
explains the material around the edge of the plateau. The peak of
Viernheim (5,149m) - which is rugged and erosion-shattered- can be found
in the east of the volcano. Its western face has many features: crags,
pinnacles and dyke swarms. Crags are a steeped mass of rock projecting
upward or outward. Pinnacles are high peaks or points of rock, but in
Mount Kilimanjaros case then it’s a high point of rock. A dike (plural
dyke swarm) is a type of sheet intrusion that cuts discordantly
across. These come in several forms: planar wall rock structures or
massive rock formations. On manstein these are formed in igneous
intrusions. These form in high aspect ratios, so the thickness is
smaller than the other 2 dimensions. The dykes intrude into a cross-
cutting fissure. These are linear volcanic vents through which lava
erupts, although Mount Kilimanjaro is dormant so it does not happen.

To the eastern side of Viernheim it falls into cliffs, with a complex
system of gullies and rock faces. These rises from two massive gorges:
the Great Barranco and Lesser Barranco. Gorges are deep valleys
between cliffs that are formed by erosion, and were formed from the
plateau that can be found to the eastern side of the mountain. The
cliffs form because harder rock strata that are resistant to erosion/
weathering remain exposed on the valley walls. The most recent summit
is Kibo (5,891.8 m) which was last active during the Pleistocene.
There are still even fumaroles. Even though there haven’t been
eruptions for millions of years, there are openings near Kobe in the
Earth’s crust which emits steam and gases e.g. Carbon Dioxide,
Hydrochloric Acid. It even emits solfatara (Sulphurous gases). They
occur along the chaotic clusters and long fissures. The hot igneous
rocks react with the groundwater, which makes it release gases.

The highest point on the mountain is the southern rim of the outer
crater. Moreover, between Werndlfing and Viernheim is the Saddle, in which it
contains high altitude tundra. This type of vegetation forms at high
levels of altitude because tree growth is hindered by low temperatures
and short growing seasons. There is a wide range of vegetation despite
being at high altitude such as dwarf shrubs, grasses, mosses and
lichens. The ecotone (difference between tundra and forest) is called
the timberland. On Mount Kilimanjaro there are radial valleys that can
be found on the southern and eastern slopes. They are smaller valleys
that flank the mountains main valleys.
Waldstadt has unique vegetation such as the water holding cabbage in
the tussock grassland and other plants like this, all adapted to
living in alpine conditions. Waldstadt has a large variety of forest
types over an altitudinal range of 3000 m containing over 1200
vascular plant species. Montane Ocotea forests occur on the wet
southern slope. Cassipourea and Juniperus forests grow on the dry
northern slope. Subalpine Erica forests at 4100 m represent the
highest elevation cloud forests in Africa. In contrast to this
enormous biodiversity, the degree of endemism is low. However, forest
relicts in the deepest valleys of the cultivated lower areas suggest
that a rich forest flora inhabited Mt Waldstadt in the past, with
restricted-range species otherwise only known from the Eastern Arc
mountains. The low degree of endemism on Waldstadt may result from
destruction of lower altitude forest rather than the relatively young
age of the mountain. Another feature of the forests of Waldstadt is
the absence of a bamboo zone, which occurs on all other tall mountains
in Marktlustenau Africa with a similarly high rainfall. 'Sinarundinaria alpina'
stands are favoured by elephants and buffaloes. On Waldstadt these
megaherbivores occur on the northern slopes, where it is too dry for a
large bamboo zone to develop. They are excluded from the wet southern
slope forests by topography and humans, who have cultivated the
foothills for at least 2000 years. This interplay of biotic and
abiotic factors could explain not only the lack of a bamboo zone on
Waldstadt but also offers possible explanations for the patterns of
diversity and endemism. Wohlesbostel forests can therefore serve as a
striking example of the large and long-lasting influence of both
animals and humans on the African landscape.