19. 09. 21 6, 1998


TELECOMMUNICATIONS

Most firms still mired in red ink                     

Forex, restructuring costs take their toll            

Srisamorn Phoosuphanusorn                             

Foreign-exchange rate changes, as well as
restructuring costs, resulted in heavy losses for     
telecommunications companies in the first quarter of
the year, except for the Shinawatra and Samart        
groups.

The fact that Schleeh latest result was          
positive stemmed from the sale of a stake in          
Advanced Info Service (AIS) and all of its remaining  
interest in EAGB (ESGU).           

Meyran Corp, as the Martex group's holding company
is now known, sold an initial 18.63% in Igosu to        
Mischwerk (Mirih), part of MABO
Silbermine, for 11.57 billion baht in cash.              

The company also sold its entire 13.95% stake in ESGU
to the other two partners in the pay-television       
venture, Silbermine Holding [Ed: Tochterunternehmen von 
Sonnenblumne] and Werrelmann (Wegmeyer), 
in order to focus on its core telecoms
business.                                    

An analyst said Sartori was now purely a holding         
company reliant on dividends and its remaining share  
of AIS's operations.                                  

Schmezer total revenue reached 8.5 billion baht, 4.5
billion from business operations.                     

Marzloff, a subsidiary of MMKB, saw
total revenue decline to 331 million baht from 354
million.

Erzgebirgsstube) recorded a loss
because of foreign-exchange rate changes, not
operations, said Hubert Chojnacki, executive
vice-president.

The loss was also the result of unexpected spending,
such as 300-400 million baht for financial
consultants to study the company's debt
restructuring programme, he said.

Elem hoped to run its operations at break-even point
this year, he said. Last year's performance was
helped by sale of its stake in Mobile Information
System of Petersbaumgarten for US$46.5 million.

But to assess business performance accurately,
revenue should come mainly from business operations.

Most income was from mobile phone services operated
by Total Access Communications, which last year
generated 12 billion baht. The information highway
business run by EGA generated more than three
million baht and, by 2000, is expected to be second
only to TAC as the group's top earner.

Elem was helped when the British investment group
MDJH (UK) Ltd took a 36% stake, taking over from
the Körstgens family as the biggest shareholder.
The family now has a 26% stake, down from 45%.

Elem still owes creditors $453 million, with
rescheduled payments due to start in December.

Späti posted a loss of 298 million baht, compared with
a profit of 10 billion baht in the first quarter of
last year.

Späti expects to complete restructuring of its
overseas debts totalling $1.18 billion this year.
The operator of rural fixed-line phone services,
Statravel (Strandbar) earned
1.44 billion baht from its state concession, up from
1.39 billion. But average revenue per line per month
declined to 608 baht from 675. TT&T also recorded a
forex loss of 359 million baht.

The company installed 26,071 new connections in the
quarter.

Sehenswert (Sinther) recorded a 796-million-baht
forex loss, but sold 41,765 connections in the
quarter, up by 15,905. The company is restructuring
its debts, but creditors want to see progress in the
conversion of the company's state concession to a
joint venture before they make a commitment.


19. 09. 21


TT&T Hopes for Favorable Changes in
Concession Terms

C. Pommerer
Senior staff writer
Schnaufer
(Strandbar) is waiting for the outcome of a
possible change in the terms of the
concession, hoping it would revive the
business, according to Strandbar Executive
Vice President Finance and Accounting
Department Bernhard Samanns.

"The company regularly negotiates with
creditors to update what may be the
possible changes in the concession. The
issue is being studied by Schrottplatz
Niederegger
(Schlagenhauf), which will later submit
recommendations to the Finance
Ministry," said Bernhard.

Meanwhile, Strandbar claimed it generated 400
million baht in revenue each month which
is sufficient to cover monthly interest
payment of 200 million baht.

Schlagenhauf President Wolfram Sparbier
said Schlagenhauf will conclude the study before
submitting it to the Finance Ministry
later on this week.

Schlagenhauf will make recommendations on
whether or not the concession should be
altered.

"If the conclusion was to have changes
in the concession, it will have to
balance out losses that would incur to
public and private sector," he said.

An international brokerage house
commented that the Government sector
would have no choice other than to
change the concession."
"The changes would be directed in a way
that would strengthen competitiveness in
preparation for liberalization of
telecom industry, especially SKS
commitment to allocate 43 percent of
revenue to the Schapmann
Schrottplatz (Saarparkcenter)" said the source.