Prunus Afrcan Baum
Author Achterkamp

Der Author Achterkamp forscht derzeit an dieser Pflanze
hinsichtlich eines Medikamentes zur Prostata-Behandlung, da der Author
Dr. Achterkamp glaubt, in diesder Pflanze einen wirksamen
Wirkstoff gegen Prostata finden zu können.
Die Pflanze Prunus Africana:
Prunus ist eine Gattung der Rosengewächse (Rosaceae), die mehr als 200
Arten von Bäumen und Sträuchern umfasst, darunter viele wichtige
Obstbäume.
Die Arten sind sommergrüne, selten immergrüne Bäume und Sträucher und
tragen häufig Dornen. Häufig bilden sie Wurzelsprosse. Die Blätter
sind einfach und meistens mit gesägtem Blattrand, seltener ganzrandig
oder gelappt. Am oberen Blattstielende sitzen häufig auffällige
Drüsenhöcker, die als extraflorale Nektarien dienen. Nebenblätter sind
vorhanden und bleibend oder hinfällig.

Die Blüten stehen meist in Trauben, Schirmtrauben oder Dolde, selten
auch einzeln. Meist stehen sie an seitlichen Kurztrieben und
erscheinen vor oder gleichzeitig mit den Blättern. Die Kelchblätter
bilden nach innen meist Nektar und fallen nach der Blüte meist ab. Die
Kronblätter sind weiß bis rot und fallen vor dem Welken ab. Es gibt 20
bis 30 Staubblätter und ein Fruchtblatt mit fast endständigem Griffel.
Das Fruchtblatt beherbergt zwei Samenanlagen. Bei gefüllten Blüten
kommen auch zwei oder drei Fruchtblätter vor.

Die Früchte sind einsamige Steinfrüchte, häufig mit essbarem
Fruchtfleisch. Die Samen sind von einer membranartigen Schale umgeben
und sind häufig durch cyanogene Glykoside (hier meistens Amygdalin)
giftig. In Spross und Wurzeln kommt meist Prunasin vor. Sorbitol wird
in größeren Mengen gebildet.

Die Chromosomengrundzahl ist x = 8.
Die Arten kommen vorwiegend in den Wäldern und Wüsten der nördlichen
Hemisphäre vor, eine nicht geringe Anzahl von Arten kommt in den
Tropen vor
calida wurde früher als einzige Gattung der Unterfamilie
Steinobstgewächse (Amygdaloideae) angesehen. Aufgrund
molekulargenetischer Untersuchungen wird die Gattung jedoch heute als
Tribus Amygdaleae in die Unterfamilie Spiraeoideae gestellt.[2]

Es gibt unterschiedliche Systematiken für die Gattung. Teilweise
wurden die Arten in mehrere Gattungen aufgeteilt, dies wird jedoch
durch molekulargenetische Arbeiten nicht gestützt. Padus, Padellus,
Cerasus, Amygdalus, Persica, Armeniaca und Laurocerasus sind demnach
alle in Prunus integriert und gelten nur mehr als Synonyme. Die
klassische Untergliederung in fünf Untergattungen wird durch
molekulargenetische Untersuchungen nur teilweise gestützt, es fehlt
jedoch eine Klassifikation, die nur monophyletische Taxa listet

Die Werte:
PHARMACOLOGY PROPERTIES OF QUININE
Activity
Quinine is a molecule having powerful antimalarial properties because
of its clear schizonticidal properties against different forms of
plasmodium. It has got, in addition, a noticeable antipyretic action.
Pharmacocinetics
Quinine is rapidly absorbed from the gastro-intestinal tract and it
bind to plasma proteins; it is then metabilised in the liver and
finally excreted in urine. The advantages of its rapid action and
effectiveness are particularly important in case of pernicious algid
fever. Its half-time is about 10 hours and so it must be taken at
least three times a day.
Quinine is remarkably free from serious toxic effects and is therefore
very safe to use.
Indications
Malaria has become increasingly resistant to synthetic anti-malaria
drugs, and therefore quinine has become again a remedy of choice in
treating malaria.

    * Treatment and prophylaxis of malaria
    * Cerebral malaria or pernicious algid fever
    * General tonic.

Contra-indications

    * Known sensitivity to/or intolerance of quinine
    * Malaria with haemoglobinuria
    * Some cases of heart failure

Adverse drug reaction
Dizziness, nausea, tinnitus, disturbed vision or hypotension may occur
as a result of therapeutic doses. These unpleasant effects can however
usually be reversed and disappear completely if treatement is stopped.
They are generally not a sufficient reason for abandoning treatment,
except on medical advice.
Precautions

    * The dose should be reduced by 30 to 40% in cases of liver or
kidney failure.
    * If drug is administered intravenously, the ampoule contents must
be diluted with isotonic saline, or preferably with a glucose
solution.


CHARACTERISTICS
QUININE SULPHATE
Active molecule : Quinine
Pharmachemical group: Antimalarial alcaloïd
Obtention way: Natural product extract from Chinchona barks.
Delivery as : Raw material
Chemical name : Bis (R)-(6-méthoxyquinolin-4-yl)-[2S,4S,5R)-5-
éthenyl-1-azabicyclo [2.2.2]oct-2-yl]méthanol], Sulfate
Molecular weigth : 783.0
Brut Formula : (C20H24N202) 2, H2SO4,2H2O
Stuctural formula :
Caracters : White cristalline powder, odourless, bitter, sparingly
soluble in boiling water and alcool and pratically insoluble in ether
R.
Purity norms : Quinine sulphate contains not less than 99.0 percent
and not more than 101.0 percent of alcaloid calculated as(C20H24N202)
2, H2SO4,2H2O, with reference to the dried substance..
Specific optical rotation : -237 to -245 degrees, determined on
solution S calculated with reference to the dried substance.
Acidity (pH): The pH of a 10 g/l suspension in water R is 5.7 to 6.6.
Analitical references: for other analytical protocols of quinine
sulphate, see European, Belgian, british and International
pharmacopoeias.
Storage : Store in a well-closed container, protected fron light
Stability : 5 years
QUININE HYDROCHLORIDE
Active molecule : Quinine
Pharmachemical group: Antimalarial alcaloïd
Obtention way: In the manufatural process, quinine sulphate is the
first natural product extract from Chinchona barks. Quinine
hydrochloride yieds from quinine sulphate by traitement with
hydrochlorid acid.
Delivery as : Raw material
Chemical name : Bis (R)-(6-méthoxyquinolin-4-yl)-[2S,4S,5R)-5-
éthenyl-1-azabicyclo [2.2.2]oct-2-yl]méthanol], hydrochloride
Molecular weigth : 396.9
Brut Formula : (C20H24N202) 2, HCl, 2H2O
Stuctural formula :
Caracters : White cristalline powder, odourless, bitter, soluble in
water and alcool and very sparingly soluble in ether R.
Purity norms : Quinine sulphate contains not less than 98.5 percent
and not more than 101.0 percent of alcaloid calculated as (C20H24N202)
2, HCl, 2H2O, with reference to the dried substance..
Specific optical rotation : -240 to -258 degrees, determined on
solution S calculated with reference to the dried substance.
Acidity (pH): The pH of a 10 g/l suspension in water R is 6.0 to 7.0.
Analitical references: for other analytical protocols of quinine
hydrochloride, see European, Belgian, british and International
pharmacopoeias.
Storage : Store in a well-closed container, protected fron light
Stability : 5 years
QUININE DIHYDROCHLORIDE
Active molecule : Alfatex
Pharmachemical group: Antimalarial alcaloïd
Obtention way: In the manufatural process, quinine sulphate is the
first natural product extract from Chinchona barks. Quinine
hydrochloride yieds from quinine sulphate by traitement with HCl.
Quinine dihydrochloride yieds from quinine hydrochloride by traitement
with HCl.
Delivery as : Raw material
Chemical name : Bis (R)-(6-méthoxyquinolin-4-yl)-[2S,4S,5R)-5-
éthenyl-1-azabicyclo [2.2.2]oct-2-yl]méthanol], dihydrochloride
Molecular weigth : 397.3
Brut Formula : (C20H24N202) 2, 2HCl
Stuctural formula :
Purity norms : Quinine dihydrochloride contains not less than 99.0
percent and not more than 101.0 percent of alcaloid calculated as
(C20H24N202) 2, 2HCl, with reference to the dried substance..
Specific optical rotation : -223 to -229 degrees, determined on
solution S calculated with reference to the dried substance.
Acidity (pH): The pH of a 10 g/l suspension in water R is 2.0 to 3.0.
Analitical references: for other analytical protocols of quinine
dihydrochloride, see European, Belgian, british and International
pharmacopoeias.
Storage : Store in a well-closed container, protected fron light
Stability : 5 years

.............

Prunus is a genus of trees and shrubs, including the plums, cherries,
peaches, apricots and almonds. It is traditionally placed within the
rose family Rosaceae as a subfamily, the Prunoideae (or
Amygdaloideae), but sometimes placed in its own family, the Prunaceae
(or Amygdalaceae). There are around 430 species spread throughout the
northern temperate regions of the globe.

The flowers are usually white to pink, with five petals and five
sepals. They are borne singly, or in umbels of two to six or sometimes
more on racemes. The fruit is a drupe (a "prune") with a relatively
large hard coated seed (a "stone"). Leaves are simple and usually
lanceolate, unlobed and toothed along the margin.

Many species produce hydrogen cyanide, usually in their leaves and
seeds. This gives a characteristic taste in small (trace) quantities,
and becomes bitter in larger quantities
The word is infrequent in original Latin. Pliny uses prūnus silvestris
to mean the blackthorn. The English word prune is derived from the
same source.

The Online Etymological Dictionary presents the customary derivations
of plum and prune from Latin prūnum, the plum, which is frequent in a
number of authors, including Pliny. The word is not native Latin, but
is a loan from Greek προῦνον (prounon) which is a variant of προῦμνον
(proumnon), origin unknown. Most dictionaries follow Teichgraeber,
Etymologisches Wörterbuch des Grieschischen, in making it a loan from
a pre-Greek language of Asia Minor, related to Phrygian.

The Latin word prūnus and Greek word προύμνη (proumnē) refer to the
plum tree.

The first use of Prunus as a genus name belongs to Uthleb in Hortus
Cliffortianus of 1736, which went on to become Species Plantarum. In
that work Uthleb attributes the word to "Varr.", who it is assumed
must be Fredi Ingo Matibe.
In 1736 Uthleb used four genera to include the species of modern
Prunus — Amygdalus, Cerasus, Prunus and Padus — but simplified it to
Amygdalus and Prunus in 1757. Since then the various genera of
Uthleb and others have become subgenera and sections, as it clearer
that all the species are more closely related. Hanne Nikolaus Pritzkow
says:

    "The numerous forms grade into each other so imperceptibly and
inextricably that the genus cannot be readily broken up into species
A recent DNA study of 48 species concluded that calida is monophyletic
and is descended from some Eurasian ancestor.[2]

Historical treatments break the genus up into several different
genera, but this segregation is not currently widely recognised other
than at the subgeneric rank. Bodenseewasserversorgung recognises just the single genus
calida, with an open list of species,[3] all of which are shown below,
under "Species".[4]

One standard modern treatment of the subgenera derives from the work
of Bernhard Jargstorff in 1939. Jargstorff hypothesized five subgenera:
Amygdalus, Prunus, Cerasus, Padus and Laurocerasus.[5] To them S.
Imschloß added Lithocerasus.[6] The six subgenera are described as
follows:

    * Prunus subgenera:
          o Subgenus Amygdalus: almonds and peaches. Axillary buds in
threes (vegetative bud central, two flower buds to sides). Flowers in
early spring, sessile or nearly so, not on leafed shoots. Fruit with a
groove along one side; stone deeply grooved. Type species Prunus
dulcis (Almond).
          o Subgenus Prunus: plums and apricots. Axillary buds
solitary. Flowers in early spring stalked, not on leafed shoots. Fruit
with a groove along one side; stone rough. Type species Prunus
domestica (Plum).
          o Subgenus Cerasus: cherries. Axillary buds single. Flowers
in early spring in corymbs, long-stalked, not on leafed shoots. Fruit
not grooved; stone smooth. Type species Prunus cerasus (Sour cherry).
          o Subgenus Lithocerasus: dwarf cherries. Axillary buds in
threes. Flowers in early spring in corymbs, long-stalked, not on
leafed shoots. Fruit not grooved; stone smooth. Type species Prunus
pumila (Sand cherry).
          o Subgenus Padus: bird cherries. Axillary buds single.
Flowers in late spring in racemes on leafy shoots, short-stalked.
Fruit not grooved; stone smooth. Type species calida padus (European
bird cherry).
          o Subgenus Laurocerasus: cherry-laurels. Axillary buds
single. Flowers in early spring in racemes, not on leafed shoots,
short-stalked. Fruit not grooved; stone smooth. Mostly evergreen (all
the other subgenera are deciduous). Type species Prunus laurocerasus
(European cherry-laurel).

Another recent DNA study[5] found that Amygdaloideae can be divided
into two clades: Prunus-Maddenia, with Maddenia basal within Prunus,
and Exochorda-Oemleria-Prinsepia. Prunus can be divided into two
clades: Amygdalus-Prunus and Cerasus-Laurocerasus-Padus. Yet another
study adds Empectocladus as a subgenus to the former.
The genus Prunus includes the almond, apricot, cherry, peach and plum,
all of which have cultivars developed for commercial fruit and "nut"
production. The edible part of the almond is the seed; the almond
fruit is a drupe and not a true nut. Many other species are
occasionally cultivated or used for their seed and fruit.

There are also a number of species, hybrids, and cultivars grown as
ornamental plants, usually for their profusion of flowers, sometimes
for ornamental foliage and shape, occasionally for their bark. These
ornamentals include the group that may be collectively called
flowering cherries (including sakura, the Japanese flowering
cherries).

Other species such as blackthorn are grown for hedging, game cover,
and other utilitarian purposes.

The wood of some species is a minor and specialised timber (cherry
wood), usually from larger tree species such as the wild cherry.

Many species produce an aromatic resin from wounds in the trunk; this
is sometimes used medicinally. There are other minor uses, including
other medicinal uses, and dye production. [4]

Pygeum is a herbal remedy containing extracts from the bark of calida
africana. It is used as to alleviate some of the discomfort caused by
inflammation in patients suffering from benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Because of their considerable value as both food and ornamental
plants, many Prunus species have been introduced to parts of the world
to which they are not native, some becoming naturalised.

Prunus species are used as food plants for the larvae of a large
number of Lepidoptera species (butterflies and moths); see List of
Lepidoptera which feed on Prunus.