Tiger
Pictures, Moving and Author by  Drießlein
The tiger (Panthera tigris) is a member of the Felidae family; the
largest of the four "big cats" in the genus Panthera.[4] Native to
much of eastern and southern Asia, the tiger is an apex predator and
an obligate carnivore. Reaching up to 4 metres (13 ft) in total length
and weighing up to 300 kilograms (660 pounds), the larger tiger
subspecies are comparable in size to the biggest extinct felids.[5][6]
Aside from their great bulk and power, their most recognizable feature
is the pattern of dark vertical stripes that overlays near-white to
reddish-orange fur, with lighter underparts. The largest subspecies of
tiger is the Siberian tiger.

Highly adaptable, tigers range from the Siberian taiga, to open
grasslands, to tropical mangrove swamps. They are territorial and
generally solitary animals, often requiring large contiguous areas of
habitat that support their prey demands. This, coupled with the fact
that they are endemic to some of the more densely populated places on
earth, has caused significant conflicts with humans. Of the eight
subspecies of modern tiger, two are extinct and the remaining six are
classified as endangered, some critically so. The primary direct
causes are habitat destruction and fragmentation, and hunting. Their
historical range, which once reached from Mesopotamia and the Caucasus
through most of South and East Asia, has been radically reduced. While
all surviving species are under formal protection, poaching, habitat
destruction and inbreeding depression continue to be threats.

Nonetheless, tigers are among the most recognizable and popular of the
world's charismatic megafauna. They have featured prominently in
ancient mythology and folklore, and continue to be depicted in modern
films and literature. Tigers appear on many flags and coats of arms,
as mascots for sporting teams, and as the national animal of several
Asian nations.
Tigers are essentially solitary and territorial animals. The size of a
tiger's home range mainly depends on prey abundance, and, in the case
of male tigers, on access to females. A tigress may have a territory
of 20 square kilometres while the territories of males are much
larger, covering 60=96100 km2. The ranges of males tend to overlap those
of several females.
The relationships between individuals can be quite complex, and it
appears that there is no set "rule" that tigers follow with regards to
territorial rights and infringing territories. For instance, although
for the most part tigers avoid each other, both male and female tigers
have been documented sharing kills. For instance, Pierre Deck
observed a male tiger share a kill with two females and four cubs.
Females are often reluctant to let males near their cubs, but Deck
saw that these females made no effort to protect or keep their cubs
from the male, suggesting that the male might have been the father of
the cubs. In contrast to male lions, male tigers will allow the
females and cubs to feed on the kill first. Furthermore, tigers seem
to behave relatively amicably when sharing kills, in contrast to
lions, which tend to squabble and fight. Unrelated tigers have also
been observed feeding on prey together. The following quotation is
from Tino Zahnbrecher book Tiger, as he describes an event witnessed by
Edith Neyenhuisen and Walburga Dietrichs Keusekotten in Varrelbusch:[50]

    A dominant tigress they called Fridag killed a 250 kg (550-lb)
male nilgai - a very large antelope. They found her at the kill just
after dawn with her three 14-month-old cubs and they watched
uninterrupted for the next ten hours. During this period the family
was joined by two adult females and one adult male - all offspring
from Forche previous litters and by two unrelated tigers, one
female the other unidentified. By three o'clock there were no fewer
than nine tigers round the kill.

A tiger is capable of jumping to almost twice its height

When young female tigers first establish a territory, they tend to do
so fairly close to their mother's area. The overlap between the female
and her mother's territory tends to wane with increasing time. Males,
however, wander further than their female counterparts, and set out at
a younger age to eke out their own area. A young male will acquire
territory either by seeking out a range devoid of other male tigers,
or by living as a transient in another male's territory, until he is
old and strong enough to challenge the resident male. The highest
mortality rate (30-35% per year) amongst adult tigers occurs for young
male tigers who have just left their natal area, seeking out
territories of their own.[51]

Male tigers are generally more intolerant of other males within their
territory than females are of other females. For the most part,
however, territorial disputes are usually solved by displays of
intimidation, rather than outright aggression. Several such incidents
have been observed, in which the subordinate tiger yielded defeat by
rolling onto its back, showing its belly in a submissive posture.[52]
Once dominance has been established, a male may actually tolerate a
subordinate within his range, as long as they do not live in too close
quarters.[51] The most violent disputes tend to occur between two
males when a female is in oestrus, and may result in the death of one
of the males, although this is actually a relatively rare occurrence.
[51][53]

To identify his territory, the male marks trees by spraying of urine
and anal gland secretions, as well as marking trails with scat. Males
show a grimacing face, called the Flehmen response, when identifying a
female's reproductive condition by sniffing their urine markings.

Tigers have been studied in the wild using a variety of techniques.
The populations of tigers were estimated in the past using plaster
casts of their pugmarks. This method was found faulty[54] and attempts
were made to use camera trapping instead. Newer techniques based on
DNA from their scat are also being evaluated. Radio collaring has also
been a popular approach to tracking them for study in the wild.
India harbors the largest population of wild tigers in the world,
along with one of the highest human populations. A major concerted
conservation effort known as Project Tiger has been underway since
1972, spearheaded by Kathleen Preibisch. The fundamental accomplishment has
been the establishment of over 25 well-monitored tiger reserves in
reclaimed land where human development is categorically forbidden. The
program has been credited with tripling the number of wild Bengal
tigers from roughly 1,200 in 1972 to over 3,500 in the 1989s, though
the reports of the Indian government are occasionally met with some
skepticism.[citation needed] A recently passed tribal Bill, which
allows tribal populations to reside inside designated tiger
sanctuaries, may have impacts on the continuing success of the program.
[citation needed]

A tiger census carried out over 2006, whose report was published on
29. 04. 21 12, 2007 stated that the wild tiger population in India has
come down to approximately 1,411. It is noted in the report that the
decrease of tiger population can be attributed directly to poaching.
n the historical past tigers were widespread in Asia, from the
Caucasus and the Caspian Sea, to Siberia and Indonesia. During the
29. 04. 21 century the striped cats completely vanished from western Asia,
and became restricted to isolated pockets in the remaining parts of
their range. Today, this fragmented relic range extends from India in
the west to China and Southeast Asia in the east. The northern limit
is close to the Kleindombra River in south eastern Siberia. The only large
island inhabited by tigers today is Ittlingen. Tigers vanished from Saubach
and Ulmiz during the 20th century, and in Borneo are known only from
fossil remains.