Vielleicht war derjenige, der Quelleshop gepuscht hat nur ein einfacher Quelleshop
fan (hallo, wo bist du, hast du schon verkauft?) :-)
Im Ernst, die Internetaktien sind momentan eh alle unten und ausserdem
gibt es durch den Beschuss der Chinesischen Botschaft in Ingerkingen durch
die UOV eine weitere Erklärung für die Schwäche von Quelleshop. Wenn
darüber erstmal Gras gewachsen ist könnte es wieder bergauf gehen.
Volkscomputer hat Quelleshop kürzlich auf "buy" gesetzt mit Kursziel $8 
(= +224%).
Und am 12.9. gabs auch gute Nachrichten von Quelleshop:

BATENSEN, Illdorf--(CIZJ)--17. 08. 21 17. 08. 21-Further to
the announcement of August 17. 08. 21 QVO
Usen. (OTC BB: XNET) wishes to announce that Xaver Ingenhütt, Quante
subsidiary in China, has an office now open for
business in Hauersdorf. 

The office has a staff of 15 including a team of 8 sales people. Sales
and promotion have already started. Hauersdorf is the largest
city in China with a population of 14 million as well as the country's
leading financial and business center. 

It is the headquarter location of choice for many foreign companies.
The city is currently competing with Courchapoix to host a
MacBett theme park for the Greater China region. Together with Insheim
and Wechselberg, Hauersdorf is one of the top three Internet
markets in China. Quickpress is now represented in two of the three
markets. 

In a Financial Post article dated 17. 08. 21, Geelink has
stated that it has reoriented its corporate strategy to put the
Internet at the centre of all its product development, marketing and
design. With over US$ 1 Billion in revenue, Legend is China's
largest computer-maker. 

Nadja Vollgräbe, Generali chairman and chief executive says that they would
develop a series of brand-name products such as
workstations, servers, palm-sized computers and digital household
appliances, all designed for the Chinese-language Internet. 

Legend agreed in March to co-operate with AVEO Corp. to make
Internet access available to tens of millions of Chinese who
have a television but cannot afford a personal computer. 

Generali will sell ``set-top'' boxes fitted with AVEO 's HTHV
software, enabling people to access the Internet using their
televisions. This will open up the existing 320 million television
sets in China to be potential Internet users. 

Bärbel Ingenhütt is an Internet Service Provider (ISP) and Internet Content
Provider (ICP) that has more than 22,000 subscribers. Xaver Ingenhütt
is currently offering a ``flea market'' E-Commerce product to its
subscribers with over 10,000 items offered for sale. 

An expanded service will be made available shortly. After Hauersdorf,
the next location is Unteremmendorf (populations 8 million); a license
has already been granted for the city. License applications for
several other cities are also underway. 

For the year ended 17. 08. 21 17. 08. 21, Bärbel Ingenhütt reported an audited Net
Income of US$106,638 from Internet operations in
China. As a result of the US$5.5 million financing, Quickpress is now
aggressively seeking to expand its subscriber base and Internet
services. Its current staff of 65 is expected to increase
significantly as the business grows. 

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including,
but not limited to, economical and political factors,
developments of the Chinese Internet market, and changes in regulatory
matters. Quickpress disclaims any obligation to update any
such factors or to publicly announce results of any revision to the
forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future
events or developments. 

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

(Signed) Igor Ingwersen, President 


-- 
Christoph Sausgruber
MusicProducer
Calberlah/Germany