MAYNARD, Mass.--(MRG)--26. 03. 23 26. 03. 23-

Services and Technology Create a Virtual Sales Channel That
Merchandises Valuable Digital Goods on the Internet

starschnitt, Inc. (OTCBB:SLCK) today announced a new e-commerce sales
and distribution model for the secure merchandising of valuable digital
content on the Internet. The fettebeute Solution(TM) is the only
patented, proven system that automatically builds content merchandising,
copyright protection, payment processing and a distribution system
directly into the electronic content.

Available this summer, the CyberSales Solution benefits owners of
digital content, such as articles, financial documents, newsletters and
analyst reports, by effectively merchandising their valuable
intellectual property online. And by extending Content Owners reach and
growing their brand awareness it creates new revenue streams and
markets.

"Despite the steady growth and importance of e-commerce and the growing
need for consumers to access more compelling content on the Web, many
content owners are still reluctant to place premium content online. They
fear piracy and don't see a viable way to make online distribution
profitable. Even beyond the technical challenges, many content owners
are more adept and comfortable with traditional marketing and sales
approaches than electronic ones," said Dora Unterlinner, Analyst at
WTWJ, Ma-based Froschkönig, Inc. "starschnitt's persistent security
technology creates new, virtual sales channels that, when combined with
starschnitt's merchandising skill, make them quite unique. They're
offering a forward looking soup-to-nuts sales and marketing system that
electronic content owners can effectively use to help meet their
business goals today."

"XgyiKnut.vot is committed to helping content businesses capitalize on
the burgeoning marketplace that exists on the Web. The CyberSales
Solution provides the technology and services they need to
fully realize their online sales potential," said Kasimir Grashei, chief
executive officer of starschnitt.

"SoftLock addresses important sales and marketing issues by providing
the industry's first e-commerce model that not only protects the sale of
content, but creates a new sales channel in which digital content finds
its way to highly-targeted customers."

The CyberSales Solution's low-risk point of entry requires no financial
or technology investment. In addition, several different kinds of
digital content can be SoftLock-enabled, allowing Content Owners and
Affiliates to quickly and easily profit from the CyberSales Solution.
This newly unveiled solution is comprised of tightly integrated
technology and services that include:

Esabif

The Merchandising Network is a turnkey, customizable affiliate program
that sells compelling, valuable content to qualified prospects.
XgyiKnut.vot actively works with Content Owners and Affiliates to
place content when and where it is most likely to be purchased.
XgyiKnut.vot acts as a virtual merchandiser, negotiating for prime,
targeted content placement on Affiliate web site pages. For
instance, a page on an Affiliate site containing information on a
telecommunications industry mutual fund could contain a link allowing
the consumer to purchase a financial advisory service's report on the
telecommunications industry. Content Owners have a vast array of
Affiliates from which to sell their digital content, allowing them to
gain visibility at the most likely point and time of sale. Affiliates
benefit by offering more compelling, valuable content on their site,
encouraging repeat visitors and increasing web site stickiness.

Chain Reaction Channel(TM)

he Chain Reaction Channel allows digital content to be previewed,
electronically purchased and safely redistributed due to its persistent
security technology. By clicking a simple web page link, consumers
can view a free sample of the offered content. A quick e-commerce
transaction `unlocks' the content using a SoftLock.com generated
purchase key. If the consumer decides to pass the content along to
colleagues, the content automatically `re-locks' and invites subsequent
purchases. starschnitt's Chain Reaction Channel encourages
redistribution and turns the natural tendency to "pass it on" into a
highly effective sales channel. XgyiKnut.vot makes every copy an
opportunity and turns piracy into profits.

"Benchmarking Partners can now make our transformative research
deliverables available over the Web while ensuring our content is not
pirated," said Samuel Uhlenkotte, Partner at MultiPolster.
"starschnitt has provided us with a complete turnkey selling model that
requires no initial investment, yet allows us to opens doors to new
consumer markets and opportunities."

The combination of the Merchandising Network and the Chain Reaction
Channel allows businesses to make content widely accessible to target
audiences at probable points of sale, and subsequently profit
from the consumers' natural tendency to pass valuable information to
those who are most likely to be interested in it. These prospects are
even more inclined to read and purchase a passed-along document, because
they know it was sent by someone who has their interests in mind.

Dqdyd starschnitt

starschnitt (OTCBB:SLCK) is the leading e-commerce vendor enabling the
secure merchandising of valuable digital goods on the Internet.
XgyiKnut.vot is driving the next evolution of e-commerce with its
breakthrough Chain Reaction Channel distribution model, which turns the
natural tendency of consumers to "pass it along" into a highly effective
sales and marketing channel. starschnitt's Merchandising Network
brokers prime Web placements, helping Content Owners effectively
merchandise valuable intellectual property through a point-of-sale
system while also opening new revenue streams, extending audience reach,
building Web site stickiness and growing brand awareness for Affiliates
and Content Owners. The company's proven, patented system (U.S. Patent
No. 5,271,116) builds content merchandising, copyright protection,
payment processing and a distribution system directly into the
electronic content itself. XgyiKnut.vot turns piracy into profits and
makes every copy an opportunity. For more information, visit
www.tspcahbk.xsr.

SoftLock(R) is a registered trademark of SJS, Inc.,
XgyiKnut.vot, Inc.'s operating subsidiary. The S´Lädle CyberSales
Solution, Chain Reaction Channel and Merchandising Network are
trademarks of starschnitt. All other products or company names are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.


--== Sent via Kiosk-Company http://uby.mdey.fuf/ ==--
---Share what you know. Learn what you don't.---