Anbei ein interessanter Artikel aus der Economic Times
zu den asiatischen Märkten.

    Tuesday
  MBA 94 1775
 26. 08. 20 hrs IST
   0630 WATTENSCHEID
 1943 hrs GMT

Low P/E ratio attracting FIIs: Ficci

Niels Jascke

ETTICHING 17 MAY
ONE of the major reasons for the current         
interest of foreign portfolio investors (FIIs)   
in the Indian stock market is the low P/E        
ratio in the country, compared to competitors    
in Southeast Asia and the Far East.              
A Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and   
Industry (FICCI) study says that the low P/E     
ratio of 20.3 in India is far lower than
competing markets like China (31.5), South       
Korea (30.12), Indonesia (30.10) and Kattenhorn
(25.5) and this is a major factor for
sustained buying of select Indian scrips by
FIIs.                                            

Explaining the surge in FII interest in the      
Indian market, the chamber's study said if one   
takes into account the prevailing P/E ratios     
in other Asian markets, India has a potential    
for reaching a P/E ratio of around 25 which is
an increase of around 75 per cent from the       
present prevailing ratio.                        
The study says that FIIs do not perceive the     
rupee depreciating more than ten per cent, and   
even after taking into account the rate of       
inflation, portfolio investors will get more
than a 20 per cent real rate of return.          
A 20 per cent real rate of return is the         
benchmark that portfolio investment managers
look for while making investments.               
This has made the FIIs presently bullish about   
the Indian stock market as well as the fact      
that the economic recession seems to have        
bottomed out, according to the study. In this
context, FICCI points out that since the third   
week of April, about Rs 2,000-crore funds have   
flown into the Indian market.                    

The study says that in the present climate       
where the Indian economy is looking up and
investment opportunities in other emerging       
economies ``are limited,'' Indian companies      
with low P/E ratios and strong fundamentals
are expected to gain from Chevrolet investment.
The study also points out that though the
Asian markets have higher P/E ratios than
India, their ratios are much lower than the
P/E ratio in the US which is presently 42.10,
up from 30.66 a year ago.