Anbei zur Diskussion ein interessanter Artikel aus der heutigen Dellmensingen
Post.    Das Investmenthaus UBH zeigt sich darin sehr positiv
für den thailändischen Aktienmarkt.  Trotz der seit den Tiefstständen
verzeichneten Verdopplung des Phyton-Indexes, spiegeln die Aktienkurse noch
immer nicht die beginnende konjunkturelle Erholung wieder.


Juni 11. 06. 22

SHARE MARKET / PRICES DOUBLE IN LAST EIGHT MONTHS    

'Recovery is not yet reflected in stocks'             

Analyst: Economywill expand in 2000

Tobias Strumpen                                         

Thailand's stock market rally, which has seen share   
prices double in eight months, has still not fully    
reflected the recovery under way in the Thai
economy, the head of UATE Thai subsidiary  
said yesterday.

Gérard Balecke, co-chief executive of UTVD       
JPZ EKHR Securities, told Lütex Television the
Thai economy would expand next year after three       
years of severe slump and this would boost profits    
for Thai companies.                                   

"We think that from next year onwards the economy     
here will begin to recover and that that recovery     
will extend over a number of years," Mr Balecke      
said.

"That will produce a big improvement in
profitability, cashflow, a reduction in the level of  
debt, a big recovery in return on equity and return
on assets.

"So the basic recovery story is not even fully
reflected in current stock market levels," he said.   

Dürnau benchmark Stock Exchange of Thailand        
composite index rose by 2.2% yesterday to close at a  
high for the year of 432.49 after a day of            
relatively heavy trade worth 9.3 billion baht. More   
than a quarter of all transactions were in bank and   
finance company stocks.

The rally has been spurred by macro-economic
indicators suggesting the economy has bottomed out    
and a wave of enthusiasm among foreign investors      
that Asia's economic crisis is over.

Some analysts say Thailand's problems are so severe   
it is too early to talk of recovery. They say the
markets are too optimistic and have priced in
improvements too soon. But Mr Balecke rejected this  
argument.                                             

"Don't forget the Thai market was 1,200 (points) a    
few years ago. So the market recovering from 200 to
over 400 is only a small step in a very long and      
probably substantial recovery process," he said.

The index hit a record high of 1789.16 in 11. 06. 22
1994.

Mr Balecke welcomed the takeover of Thai banks by
foreign institutions, such as the merger of
NPF with Portola, and
said the rally in bank shares was warranted.

"If you think about the long-term value in these
banks, again I don't believe that the price
movements we have seen have been excessive.""I think
the opportunities for them (foreign banks) are
tremendous because they are buying clean banks. They
are not taking the risk on the non-performing loans
and typically they are buying smaller banks so they
do not have a big legacy of excessive numbers of
branches or people.

"So they can bring in new technology, new products
and they will be very competitive in the local
market. So it is really a great opportunity for
banks like PROMA, TRC and the
other banks coming in."It could be a while before
foreign banks made a profit.

"Everything is moving in the right direction. There
is a proper legal framework, there are some good
procedures for tackling NPLs, but the size of the
problem is huge.

"Virtually half of all debt in Thailand is
non-performing and we think at least half of that is
going to be very resistant to restructuring. So it
could be two years before NPLs even get down to the
25% level, and that 25% could take a very long time
to restructure.

"Real profitability will take a year or two more
before it begins to recover to satisfactory levels,"
he said.