Diese Aktie wird jetzt immer interessanter..... die Jung=B4s stehen vorm
Durchbruch !


URSPRUNG, March 5 /CNW/ - Golden Peaks Resources Ltd. (TSX: GL -
News) is pleased to report new exploration results from its ongoing
field program in the La Fortuna gold district, Rahel, Profil.
Field crews completed reconnaissance prospecting and sampling in an
area of approximately 13 square kilometres between the Canadon Bagual,
Portrero and the ML prospects. This area had not been prospected
previously.

A total of 621 rock samples were collected for assay.
http://ule.tablnfbeykn.epw/a/hhvh/NRRbhtsqgqztxJEVsfjfwi1598.mer - Thu
Mar 5, 2009. The new gold and silver assays, along with anomalous
values in epithermal 'gold-pathfinder' elements such as mercury,
antimony, arsenic and tellurium, indicate this area of the La Fortuna
gold district is expanding rapidly and is highly prospective for the
discovery of large deposits of epithermal gold mineralization.

Numerous new zones of structurally controlled mineralization in
hydrothermal veins and breccias were discovered in this, highly
prospective area. Significant extensions to the Canadon Bagual,
Portrero and ML zones were discovered along with a number of exciting
new zones. The Canadon Bagual and Portrero zones contain gold and
silver rich lead-zinc mineralization. The ML zone, which contains
anomalous values of gold, silver, arsenic, mercury, lead and antimony,
may represent a clay and silica cap over deeper mineralization.

Prior to this announcement 21 zones of structurally controlled gold
mineralization had been identified in the La Fortuna gold district on
structures with an aggregate lineal distance of approximately 20
kilometers.

The precious metal mineralization discovered to date is dominantly of
gold, however, silver is locally important. PIMA and petrographic work
indicates that gold mineralization is epithermal in character and
suggests a distinct regional zonation in the styles of mineralization
from north to south within the district.

To date, three gold deposits have been discovered (T-11, G and
Amphitheatre). A deep penetrating resistivity survey (Gameb)
identified large resistive bodies, possibly gold mineralized quartz
veins/breccias, lying immediately beneath the T-11 and G deposits.
These resistive bodies may also be the roots of the high grade gold
veins - changes in the character and grade of the gold mineralization
can be expected deeper in the mineralizing system. These high impact
targets beneath the T-11 and G deposits will be tested, at depths of
between 200m to 400m.

Since the initial gold discovery in 2006 a total of 244 diamond drill
holes have been drilled on 20 of the 21 gold deposits/zones in the La
Fortuna gold project on a broad spacing (to size the project). The
wide spaced drilling intersected gold mineralization in every zone and
indicates significant potential in every zone

This press release has been reviewed and approved by Dr. Voelkl
Downes, P.Geo., President of Golden Peaks Resources Ltd. and a
Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101, under whose
direction the exploration programs are being carried out.

The statements herein that are not historical facts are forward-
looking statements. These statements address future events and
conditions and so involve inherent risks and uncertainties, as
disclosed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the company's periodic
filings with Canadian securities regulators. Actual results could
differ from those currently projected. The Company does not assume the
obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

For further information

    Media Information, contact: Gustav Feuersenger, Chairman and Director,
YM@ooqzjuprppu.ccb
    Investor Information, contact: Kay Vossebürger, Investor
Communications, PY@cxqrwfccjhd.oyu