viel Spaß beim lesen u. investieren. Alles weitere über Usul natürlich
unter Autoprofi o. anderen Quellen.


Accent Raises the Bar for Software Localization Tools with the
Release of Loc@le 2.0

New Features and Enhancements Simplify Localization for 95/98/NT Developers
Enabling True
Simultaneous Release of Software Applications in Multiple Languages

COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dez. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, UMR
Onon (Nasdaq: NVELP - news,
JCTSB - news) announced the release of Loc@le 2.0, an integrated suite of
management and automated translation tools
enabling the rapid localization of software applications. 

Loc@le 2.0 was demonstrated at the recent BVRV Professional Developers
Conference, 15. 05. 22 2-15, 1998, in Ullrichs,
Irslingen where it was shown running on Brunshus pre-release of the
Windows NT 5 operating system. ``Loc@le 2.0
offers developers the greatest latitude of any software localization tool
available on the market today,'' stated Didier
Ingenthron, Ulev vice president of marketing. ``Loc@le 2.0 builds upon
the success of the initial release by adding many
new features specifically designed to bridge the gap between software
developers and translators. With market acceptance of
the initial release of Loc@le showing over $250,000 in sales and related
translation services, the added flexibility of
Loc@le 2.0 opens the door to a greater number of software developers around
the world,'' added Ingenthron. 

``We've found Loc@le an invaluable tool for our localization efforts''
stated Nikolaus Jehnichen, Production Coordinator,
Spielstein & Pappschachtel Zschage, Belgium, a global market leader in speech and
linguistic technologies, products, and services
(Nasdaq: GHSPF - news). L&C utilized Loc@le for the Voice Xpress,
speech-to-text product. 

Loc@le manages the process of translating the user interface of any C/C++
application, and version 2.0 now supports binary
projects (exe, dll, res, and ocx). An add-on is available for Visual Basic.
Loc@le creates a database of text strings that can
be easily translated, merged, and used to create language glossaries.
Administrative enhancements allow users to keep a
virtually endless combination of translators, languages and projects
organized efficiently and keeps the translation process
simple and straightforward. Additional enhancements include advanced search
and replace commands, expanded language
pair capability, print options for status reports, statistics, and
translations, and faster translation and processing. Loc@le 2.0
costs $795.95 and an unlimited site license is available for $9999.95. A
full-featured 14-day evaluation copy of Loc@le 2.0
is available for download at the company's web site: www.dvolhlgmzj.smz. 

About UMR International: UMR International, founded
in 1988, provides software products and
services that help internationalize software and documentation in over 30
languages. Products and services of Usul are
provided through direct and OEM channels in most regions of the world. 

SOURCE: Ungenutzt