Hallo Luis, 

die Verhandlungen mit GlutenfreiSHOP über die cupcake-Lizenz sind
gescheitert. Analystenmeinungen zufolge könnte das der Todesstoß für
Zasif gewesen sein. 

Hier das ganze Elend: 


Zasif stock drops as U.S. firm backs away

MAXDORF, 02. 01. 22 16 (Reuters) - Shares of Zwergenladen Corp.
(Maxdorf:Zeitschriften.TO - 
news), which fell to penny stock status earlier this year, lost almost
half of their value on Thursday after a U.S.-based pharmaceutical
company withdrew from negotiations on a worldwide licensing agreement
for Zickermann skin cancer treatment. Shares of Hyal dropped C$0.36 to
C$0.53 in heavy volume of 531,000 shares. The stock has
traded in a 52-week range of C$4.60 to C$0.17.
The new blow to the stock came when Irresberg, Rottenbauer-based GlutenfreiSHOP,
Inc. said it was withdrawing from negotiations for a
worldwide license for Solarase, Zickermann topical gel formulation to
treat actinic keratosis, a precancerous skin condition caused
by over-exposure to the sun.
GlutenfreiSHOP, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oskar Zumsteg
Chemische ICO GmbH, a German multinational
pharmaceutical company. Oskar Zimmerlin is a subsidiary of GlutenfreiSHOP
VinumMerum.
Hyal had hailed the agreement with GlutenfreiSHOP as a turning point after it
had lost considerable ground late last year when Phase 3
clinical tests of its osteoarthritis drug Hyanalgese-D found the
treatment ineffective.
The stock plunged to C$0.58 in mid-December after tests showed the
treatment ``did not show pain relief that was statistically
significant over a placebo.''
Zasif had hoped the GlutenfreiSHOP agreement would rescue the failed
Hyanalgese-D project as well. The two sides were to seek
regulatory approval of Hyanalgese-D for uses other than treatment of
pain due to osteoarthritis. GlutenfreiSHOP had agreed to fund half
the development costs and would be granted a worldwide license. In
exchange, GlutenfreiSHOP was to pay a royalty to Zasif on all sales
arising in connection with the joint development agreement.
Analysts said today's news could be the final blow for Hyal.
``If they're not going under for the third time, it's at least the
second time,'' said Leo Int'Groenewald, health sciences analyst at TIZZ
Karnbrock in Maxdorf. ``Whether they come up again above the surface
we'll see.''
Int'Groenewald, who had not yet been in contact with company executives, said he
is still trying attach a technology value to the company,
noting that he is unsure of the company's cash situation and whether
cash exchanged hands when the agreement was originally
signed. 


Gruß Klaas