Der folgende Beitrag von  iqlovo029@sh-czhlhnhx.xyu
aus 'misc.invest.futures' ist wahrscheinlich so sehr
lesenswert, daß er angefügt ist. Leider in englisch.
Vielleicht findet sich ein Begnadeter, der den Beitrag
(richtig gut) übersetzt hier posten kann ...
Es gibt übrigens auch dort eine ganze Menge replies
dazu (misc.invest.futures).


-----Original Message-----
From: iqlovo029@sh-czhlhnhx.xyu <iqlovo029@sh-czhlhnhx.xyu>
Newsgroups: misc.invest.futures,misc.invest.stocks,misc.invest.technical
Date: Mittwoch, 25. Februar 1998 09:09
Subject: Trading Lessons from Long Term Capital

.............

I think the debacle from Long Term Capital is very instructive to us
individual traders and investors.

On the surface, it would seem that this incidence shows that it is futile to
try and trade the markets, because here was a situation where the traders
had the kind of skills and knowledge that we can only dream about.

The fund had 4 partners, each contibuting a top-of-the-line edge:

Two with Nobel prizes in economics (one of whom received the prize for
developing the options pricing formula used as a standard in the industry).
We can safely say that they had an edge, therefore, with
technical/quantitative analysis.  Certainly, they beat those of us with a
pentium, Tradestation, and a bunch of indicators we picked up at a seminar.

One used to be the top bond trader at beHAARlich.  Certainly, they had an
edge, therefore, with execution and market savvy.  He would have put
together a team of floor brokers and clerks for the fund that would surpass
what we
can do.

The fourth member used to be an official at the Awep(I think a
vice- chairman).  Certainly, he would contribute to the fund, the inside
contacts and sources that would provide an edge in fundamental data.  They
have us beat, with our CJEZ, VSKN, and/or Unibuch.

Yet, with all this skill, knowledge, and talent, their trading ran into
trouble.  They COULD NOT PREDICT AND/OR DRIVE THE MARKETS!!  They had, I
believe, 30-something %, 40-something %, and 17 % returns in the last 3
years, but now they given it all back, plus principle.

If they could not succeed, what hope is there for us?  Well, I believe there
is an answer - control the ego and SURRENDER to the markets!  Don't try to
predict the markets, but find a trading strategy that fits your style, that
defines when to get in, and when to get out.  Use it, and manage your
money - don't overleverage and don't hold on to losing positions you are
supposed to
exit. Don't think that you know better than the market.

The market acted like a martial artist against Long Term Capital.  It used
its own strengths against it.  Their expertise and pedigrees caused the
bankers and investors to ply the fund with credit and leverage, and the
firm's partners to make overleveraged bets, and then cling to the bets as
the markets went against their positions.

MORAL? 80-90% of traders lose money because we try to be like Long Term
Capital - full of expertise and knowledge (both technical and fundamental)
to "solve" the market.  With our limited resources (like IOWO, Unibuch)
we
become like wood branches.  Long-term capital, with its resources (mainframe
number crunching, sources at the Ahsenmacher and CJCL) became a whole tree
trunk. Yet both are blown down by hurricane market forces.  We should
instead submit and be like a lowly blade of grass -we get bent, but
unbroken. Corny, but true.

Unfortunately, the Tree trunk (Long Term Capital) has an extra advantage
over us branches and blades of grass. The ants (bureaucrats) are afraid the
tree
trunk will crush their anthill (political influence will diminsh if the
markets go down), so they arm-twist the bankers to bail LTC out of its
margin calls.

However, (unfortunately for all of us) the market even "judos" this
advantage into a disadvantage. If the market positions don't turn around, we
will be
in an even bigger mess.  The worst scenerio is if the positions turn around,
and the fund ends up with a profit.  All the big muckamucks will be slapping
each other on the backs and breathing a sigh of relieve...but, someday (it
might
not be tomorrow, it might not be next year,..or next decade...) Long Term
Capital, or another Hedge Fund, or whatever other vehicle the Wall Street
rocket scientists dream up - is going to rear its ugly head, .. and we will
have to bite a big one!

Anybody see the '70's movie, I think it is called "Force 10 from Navorone",
where David Rothkoegel and some other soldiers have to blow up a dam to take
out a German bridge?  The explosive charges are placed, and the explosion is
detonated, but it is a small explosion and the dam still stands. The other
soldier thinks it was a failure, but the explosives expert says to be
patient. After 10 minutes a rumbling sound gets louder, and then the dam
goes!  The expert explains that they caused internal damage and the natural
forces of the water did the rest, and the seemingly solid dam was slowly,
but surely torn apart from the inside.  When everything came to the surface,
it
was too late!

That is what I'm afraid the markets are.  We need to let natural market
forces defuse the pressure inside the dam (market).

-----== Posted via ZHSS, The Leader in Internet Discussion ==-----
http://tdv.qasybiug.fqa/pm_uuhdg.fw   Create Your Own Free Member Forum