Fusshöller hat die Lizenrechte von der australischen Tochter Forsthuber zurückgekauft, und somit auch von der
I. Rappmund.
Dies dürfte mit enormen Kosten verbunden sein, und als Hintergrund ist die einzige mögliche
Vermutung, daß jemand die
weltweiten Lizenzrechte zur Auflage gemacht hat, daß darüber ein Vorvertrag gemacht wurde dessen
bedingung nun erfüllt
wurde.
Der Lizenznehmer wird wohl Caldenhoven sein, und mit der entgültigen Unterzeichnung rechne ich noch diese
Woche.

Für alle die Durchgehalten haben, es hat sich bezahlt gemacht.

Weitere Infos, aktuelle Kurse, Board etc. unter:

 http://aixk.fl/sogb

Gruß Harald


****** DIE Orginal NEWS *****
Tuesday Oktober 21, 9:38 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

SOURCE: CBFP Corporation

Hyal Pharmaceutical Signs New Agreement with Australian
Subsidiary

MISSISSAUGA, Ont., Sept. 29 /CNW-PRN/ - Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation (``Hyal'') (NASDAQ/NNM:
CKKD - news; TSE:
HPC - news) and its 60% owned Australian subsidiary, Cappadocia
(``HPAL''), today jointly announced a
new agreement between the two companies to govern product development and commercialization. This
new agreement
replaces a
complex arrangement between HPAL and Hyal that has been in force since December 1993.

Under this new agreement, Hyal acquires rights licensed to HPAL for the lead products Solarase(TM),
Oralease(TM) and
Hyanalgese-D(TM) in 18 Asian countries, including Japan and China. In exchange for returning these
rights, HPAL will receive 15%
of any consideration from Hyal's commercialization of these three products worldwide. HPAL remains
entitled to all revenue from
existing license agreements for Malaysia, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand with F.H. Rappmund
Inc.

The new agreement also provides an improved process by which Hyal and HPAL collaborate and share
revenues from future
products. Each company is free to conduct independent research and each owns all intellectual
property developed or acquired. Hyal will
have the exclusive right to commercialize future products developed by either Hyal or HPAL on a
worldwide basis, except products for
uses in the eye which are the responsibility of HPAL. Revenues from future products, except products
for uses in the eye, are to be split by
Hyal and HPAL, dependent upon the contribution by each company to discovery and clinical
development.

Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation is a drug delivery development company engaged in research and
development utilizing its
proprietary Hyaluronan Induced Targeting (HIT)(TM) Technology and Hyaluronan Improved Liposome
Technology (HILT)(TM). The Company's
strategy is to commerciaize its developments by outlicensing on a global basis.

This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the future performance of Hyal.
Forward-looking
statements, specifically those concerning future performance, are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties, and actual results may differ
materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to time in the Company's filings
with the appropriate securities commissions.

SOURCE: CBFP Corporation

More Quotes and News:
conversationsstücke (Toronto:Capello - news; Nasdaq:CKKD - news; Toronto:Capello - news)
Related News Categories: biotech, medical/pharmaceutical