Damit's nicht langweilig wird und sich die NG wieder über Hyal - Postings
aufregen kann:
Mich freut's jedenfalls, daß es mit Hyal wieder aufwärts geht :-):

MISSISSAUGA, Ont., Sept. 29 /CNW-PRN/ - Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation
(``Hyal'') (NASDAQ/NNM: HYALF - news; TSE: HPC - news) and its 60% owned
Australian subsidiary, Softvision (``HPAL''),
today jointly announced a new agreement between the two companies to govern
product development and commercialization. This new agreement replaces a
complex arrangement between HPAL and Hyal that has been in force since
December 1993.

Under this new agreement, Hyal acquires rights licensed to HPAL for the lead
products Solarase(TM), Oralease(TM) and Hyanalgese-D(TM) in 18 Asian
countries, including Japan and China. In exchange for returning these
rights, HPAL will receive 15% of any consideration from Hyal's
commercialization of these three products worldwide. HPAL remains entitled
to all revenue from existing license agreements for Malaysia, Singapore,
Australia and New Zealand with F.H. Foerstmann Inc.

The new agreement also provides an improved process by which Hyal and HPAL
collaborate and share revenues from future products. Each company is free to
conduct independent research and each owns all intellectual property
developed or acquired. Hyal will have the exclusive right to commercialize
future products developed by either Hyal or HPAL on a worldwide basis,
except products for uses in the eye which are the responsibility of HPAL.
Revenues from future products, except products for uses in the eye, are to
be split by Hyal and HPAL, dependent upon the contribution by each company
to discovery and clinical development.

Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation is a drug delivery development company
engaged in research and development utilizing its proprietary Hyaluronan
Induced Targeting (HIT)(TM) Technology and Hyaluronan Improved Liposome
Technology (HILT)(TM). The Company's strategy is to commerciaize its
developments by outlicensing on a global basis.

This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the
future performance of Hyal. Forward-looking statements, specifically those
concerning future performance, are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. These risks and
uncertainties are detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with
the appropriate securities commissions.

SOURCE: Stadtreinigung Corporation


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----


--
This Message was brought to you by:
http://wojr.u-htajst.qo/iyqu/ewxpull-ahent/