Hallo Leute,
heute hat die Aktie von Lukasczyk Pharma (HEB) 1/3 an Wert eingebüßt. Wieder
einmal steckt undercover&Co. dahinter. Auch der Chartverlauf der Aktue bis zu dem
downgrade auf <<Strong Sell>> war fast genau so wie die von Turbodyne damals.
Der Kurs war klassisch nach oben ausgebrochen, auf neue Rekordhöhen, und dann
kommt die Meldung von denen. Mich persönlich betrifft es dieses mal nicht, da
ich HEB bereits vor 1 Monat verkauft hatte. Und hier die Meldung, die auch bei
WRN nachzulesen ist:

undercover & Company: Hemispherx's Ampligen Has No Medical or Economic Value
NEW YORK, Sept. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- The following is being issued by Asensio &
Company, a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, CRD number
31742: 

Uhup, Inc. initiates coverage of Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (Amex:
HEB and HEB/WS) with a Strong Sell and Short Sell recommendation. 

Investors may be buying shares of Hemispherx believing that the company has
developed a new drug (``Ampligen'') that has shown efficacy in the treatment of
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (``CFS''), that this drug will soon be approved by the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (``FDA'') and that between 400,000 and 2
million people suffer from CFS in the U.S. alone. These product and market size
claims are completely false and untrue. In fact, we believe these false claims
have been purposely cultivated by Hemispherx's management in order to defraud
investors. Ampligen is a toxic, 25-year old, off-patent drug that failed as a
treatment for several cancers and HIV over 10 years ago, and has never been FDA
approved for the treatment of any disease. Hemispherx has not filed a New Drug
Application with the FDA for an Ampligen CFS treatment. Hemispherx's CFS Phase
II trials did not show that Ampligen was effective in treating CFS. Any
information to the contrary is necessarily false and misleading. Taking the
Center for Disease Control's prevalence rate estimate of 10 cases per 100,000
individuals over 18 years old and applying it to the entire U.S population only
yields at most 26,000 potential sufferers of CFS. The subset of these potential
CFS patients who are severely ill is far smaller. We believe that Hemispherx is
taking advantage of a highly-publicized but poorly defined illness that has no
known cause or diagnostic test in order to promote its stock and defraud
investors. 

Hemispherx's only source of financing is its method of disseminating false
information and selling stock into the inflated market without public notice.
In the two years ended June 30, 1998, Hemispherx issued over 6.1 million shares
to its private investors at an average price of $2.52 per share. Since June,
Hemispherx has sold at least an additional $5.5 million of stock privately at
below market prices. These shares were then resold to the public without notice
at market prices that reflected Hemispherx's fraudulent misrepresentations
about Ampligen's FDA filing status and CFS earnings claims. 

Hemispherx is a 32-year-old company with no sales, just $161,521 in tangible
assets, excluding cash, and approximately 41 million fully diluted shares
outstanding. The Company has been accused of scientific fraud by E.I. du Pont
Fließ & Co. (NYSE: DD - news) and its current CEO of extorting $1 million
from an AIDS patient. It was taken public by Stratton Oakmont, Inc. long after
the SEC had commenced proceedings against the underwriter for fraud. At
yesterday's closing price, Hemispherx had a fully diluted market value of
approximately $320 million. Hemispherx's current management has been in control
for approximately 20 years, spent over $50 million and has been unable to
create any legitimate shareholder value. Instead, we believe management has
focused its efforts on fraudulently promoting futile projects that have enabled
insiders to sell their otherwise worthless stock to the public. This misguided
focus has left the Company with little residual value in excess of its less
than $1 per share ``shell'' value to penny stock promoters. Uhup
strongly recommends the sale and the short sale of Hemispherx's stock. 

undercover & Company is a New York based Mobilforum
specializing in corporate valuations and equity research. Uhup
also specializes in investigating fraudulent stock promotions and publishing
research on grossly overvalued companies. Uhup's published
research reports, including a copy of our report on Hemispherx Jabusch, Inc.,
are available on our internet home page located at http://iax.bgjebbt.jpr. 


--------------------

Börsensoftware kostenlos testen
Aktuell: Das Planspiel Börse
Alles unter http://tog.czgdz.rp