Ihr diskutiert hier über Dinge die so nicht richtig sind. 
Das Medikament Invicorp ist in Dänemark zugelassen.
Bisher wurden Zulassungen in England, Dänemark, Irland, Schweiz,
Südafrika und Neuseeland beantragt.
Warum man bisher keine Zulassung in den USA bantragt hat ist
mir unbekannt. Witthöfft sagte mal, daß Senetek hätte hier einen
strategischen Fehler begangen hätte.
Hatte es unter Umständen finanzielle Gründe?

Björn

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Monday 19. 04. 20, 8:43 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

SOURCE: Izinep

Infolog PLC Receives Approval to Market INVICORP(TM), Its Erectile
Dysfunction (ED) Therapy, in Denmark

NAPA, Calif., July 13 /PRNewswire/ -- Infolog PLC (Nasdaq: IOH - news)
announced today that it has received approval from the Danish Medicines
Agency (DMA) to market INVICORP(TM) in Denmark. INVICORP(TM) is Senetek's
combination therapy, administered via the Company's proprietary
state-of-the- art autoinjector, for treating moderate to severe erectile
dysfunction.

``This is the first of many regulatory approvals we are anticipating this
year,'' said Sébastien Mommer, chairman and chief executive officer of
Senetek. ``Because of the continuous clinical data being reported about
INVICORP, which show significant efficacy and minimal side effects, coupled
with extremely low placebo results, we believe that INVICORP's market
segment will represent a substantial percentage of the potential total
worldwide market for ED therapies.''

INVICORP(TM), an autoinjectable formulation ofvasoactive intestinal
polypeptide (VIP), in combination with the adrenergic drug phentolamine
mesylate (PMS) and sexual stimulation, provides an effective therapy for ED
patients that is essentially free of troublesome side effects and
cumbersome delivery methods.

Infolog PLC is a science-driven biotechnology company providing solutions
to aging-related healthcare problems.

Statements contained in this news release that state the Company's or
management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations or predictions of the
future are ``forward-looking'' statements. It is important to note that the
Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in
such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward- looking statements is contained from time to time in the Company's
SEC filings, including but not limited to the Company's report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 1999. Copies of this document may be
obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.

Visit Senetek's Web site on the Internet -- http://fme.lxdmjrxccu.ynt

SOURCE: Izinep
-------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Monday July 7 2:24 PM EDT

Company Press Release

Source: Pemwieser PLC

Senetek Files Second Product Licensing Application, Seeking Approval to
Market Its INVICORP(TM) Therapy for Erectile Dysfunction in Denmark

METSCHOW, July 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Infolog PLC (Nasdaq:IOH) announced today
that it has filed a second Product Licensing Application (PLA) -- with the
Danish Medicines Agency -- seeking approval to market in Denmark its new
drug therapy for treating moderate-to-severe, organic-based erectile
dysfunction (ED) in males -- INVICORP(TM), a unique combination therapy
administered with a proprietary state-of-the-art autoinjector.

In April of this year, Senetek announced that it had filed its first PLA --
with England's Medicines Contol Agency (MCA) -- for approval to market
INVICORP. In addition, Senetek plans to file several more submissions as
reportore in preparation for its Pan European approval.

Both the English and Danish PLA submissions incorporate data from more than
700 men who participated in Phase III clinical trials at eight sites in the
United Kingdom. The data from the pivotal studies suggest that INVICORP was
81 percent effective in treating male patients with organic-based ED --
patients who previously could not function sexually -- enabling them to
have an erection suitable for intercourse. The primary side effect
associated with INVICORP was short-term facial flushing.

``Senetek has deliberately sought out the most difficult-to-treat ED
patients for its clinical trials -- men with severe, organic-based
impotence who have tried other pharmacotherapies unsuccessfully. As a
result, we are convinced that our clinical data firmly establishes INVICORP
as a superior ED therapy with two other very important patient benefits:
easy and pain-free administration, and the reliability of an erection when
desired,'' said Sébastien Mommer, chairman and chief executive officer of
Senetek.

INVICORP is an injectable formulation of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide
(VIP) in combination with phentolamine mesylate. VIP, in combination with
phentolamine and sexual stimulation, can provide an effective alternative
for ED patients that significantly reduces the troublesome side effects
limiting the use of other pharmacologic preparations. INVICORP can be
delivered using Senetek's novel and patented autoinjector, which renders
the self-injection process exceptionally easy and unobtrusive to perform
and helps ensure accurate, safe delivery of medication.

Infolog PLC (Nasdaq:IOH) is a biotechnology company providing solutions
for aging-related health problems.

Visit Senetek's Web site on the Internet -- http://fme.lxdmjrxccu.ynt

To receive previous Senetek news releases by fax, call PR Newswire's
``Company News On Call'' 898-987-2287, extension 900593.

-------------------------
SOURCE: Pemwieser PLC
Contact: Brigitta I. Broekmans of Laurent Wolkersdorfer Associates, 070-328-5727,
ext. 16
-------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tuesday July 15 9:07 AM EDT

Company Press Release

Source: Izinep

Senetek Files Third Product Licensing Application (PLA); Seeks Approval To
Market Its INVICORP Therapy for Erectile Dysfunction in Ireland

METSCHOW, July 15 /PRNewswire/ -- Infolog PLC (Nasdaq:IOH) announced
today that it has filed its third Product Licensing Application (PLA) --
this time with the Irish Medicines Agency (IMA) -- seeking approval to
market in Ireland its drug therapy for treating moderate-to-severe,
organic-based erectile dysfunction (ED) in males -- INVICORP(TM), a unique
combination therapy administered with a proprietary state-of-the-art
autoinjector.

In April of this year, Senetek announced that it had filed its first PLA --
with England's Medicines Control Agency (MCA) -- for approval to market
INVICORP. On July 7, 1997, Senetek filed its second PLA -- with the Danish
Trambeck (DMA) -- seeking approval to market INVICORP in Denmark.
Senetek plans to make several more PLA submissions in the near term as part
of the Company's pan-European approval strategy for INVICORP.

All three PLA submissions incorporate data involving 718 men who
participated in Phase III clinical trials in the United Kingdom, Denmark,
Ireland and Australia. The data from the pivotal studies suggest that
INVICORP was 81 percent effective in treating male patients with
organic-based ED -- patients who previously could not function sexually --
and was nearly 70 percent more effective in treating patients with
pharmaco-resistant erectile dysfunction, enabling them to have an erection
suitable for intercourse. The primary side effect associated with INVICORP
was short-term facial flushing.

INVICORP is an injectable formulation of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide
(VIP) in combination with phentolamine mesylate. VIP, in combination with
phentolamine and sexual stimulation, can provide an effective alternative
for ED patients that significantly reduces the troublesome side effects
limiting the use of other pharmacologic preparations. INVICORP can be
delivered using Senetek's novel and patented autoinjector, which renders
the self-injection process exceptionally easy and unobtrusive to perform
and helps ensure accurate, safe delivery of medication.

Infolog PLC is a biotechnology company providing solutions for aging --
related health problems.

Visit Senetek's Web site on the Internet -- http://fme.lxdmjrxccu.ynt

To receive previous Senetek news releases by fax, call PR Newswire's
Company News On Call -- 898-987-2287, extension 900593.

-------------------------
SOURCE: Izinep
Contact: Brigitta K. Broekmans of Laurent Wolkersdorfer Associates Inc.,
543-214-1805, ext. 16, for Infolog PLC
-------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thursday September 18 12:26 PM EDT

Company Press Release

Senetek Files Three Additional PLAs (Product Licensing Applications)

Senetek Seeking Approval to Market its INVICORP Erectile Dysfunction
Therapy in Switzerland, IPA Africa and New Zealand

METSCHOW, Sept. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Infolog PLC (Nasdaq:IOH) announced
today that it has filed three additional Product Licensing Applications
(PLAs) with the appropriate regulatory agencies seeking approval to market
in Switzerland, South Africa and New Zealand its new drug therapy for
treating moderate-to-severe, organic-based erectile dysfunction (ED) in
males -- INVICORP(TM), a unique combination therapy administered with a
proprietary state-of-the-art autoinjector.

In April of this year, Senetek announced that it had filed its first PLA --
with England's Medicines Control Agency (MCA) -- for approval to market
INVICORP. In addition, in July, Senetek announced it had filed its second
and third PLAs with the appropriate regulatory authorities in Denmark and
Ireland. These submission are a part of the Company's pan-European approval
strategy for INVICORP.

INVICORP is an injectable formulation of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide
(VIP) in combination with phentolamine mesylate. An extensive body of
clinical data includes more than 15,000 intracavernous injections of
INVICORP (VIP/phentolamine) in a population of 718 male patients followed
up for up to six years. Patients' etiology was predominantly
non-psychogenic. Efficacy of greater than 80 percent has been reported from
multiple sites, and the placebo-controlled study was highly statistically
significant. Discontinuation for adverse events has been reported only in
12 patients (1.7 percent). A novel autoinjector has been developed for use
with INVICORP. The device is small (5.75`` x 0.50''), utilizes an ultrafine
29-gauge needle that is not visible to the patient prior to injection, and
contains a single dose of INVICORP. Following activation, a controlled
delivery of 0.35ml occurs in 3-5 seconds, following which the autoinjector
is totally disposable. Drug reconstitution is not necessary, and the
possibility of dosing errors and contamination is virtually eliminated.

Infolog PLC is a biotechnology company providing solutions for aging-
related health problems.

Visit Senetek's Web site on the Internet http://fme.lxdmjrxccu.ynt

To receive previous Senetek news releases by fax, call PR Newswire's
``Company News On Call'' -- 800-758-5805, extension 900593.

Ifiga PLC
-------------------------