Free Roulette System | Free Roulette Strategy
Learn How to Win at Roulette using my simple, free, and effective
system.
Roulette is a fascinating game which few have been able to beat
consistently. The reason for that is that the house edge is very
difficult to overcome. But what if you had a system that won 99.8% of
the time (that's not a typo)? If you had such a system, you could win
998 out of every 1000 times you played Roulette. I'm telling your
right now, you simply won't find a more effective roulette system out
there. If you don't believe me, go ahead and give the others a try and
I guarantee you you'll be back here before you know it. And the best
part is, I don't charge you anything for my system - it's 100% free.

LET'S BEGIN

Before I get into the details of my system, I want to make sure you
understand what we are going to be betting on. My system bets only on
the 'Dozens' (High, Medium, or Low). To ensure you understand what
these bets are, I have illustrated them below:

1) This is a bet on "Low" (aka. "1st 12" or "first dozen") . You win
if any number from 1-12 comes in.


2) This is a bet on "Middle" (aka. "2nd 12" or "second dozen"). You
win if any number from 13-24 comes in.


3) This is a bet on "High" (aka. "3rd 12" or "third dozen"). You win
if any number from 25-36 comes in.


MY SYSTEM

My system is very simple and uses progressive bets to ensure the Dozen
you are betting on wins with a 99.8% chance of success. If you follow
my system, you are guaranteed to win between $1 and $3 for every
winning number, regardless of how many losing ones you have had. In
real terms, this will translate to approximately $70 / hour that you
will earn. It won't make you rich but it's probably more than what
you're currently earning at your day job. But it is important that you
follow my instructions to the letter.

Start by printing off this spreadsheet document, and keeping it next
to you, with a pen or pencil. The document should look like this:


You will use this to keep a precise record of how the table you are
betting on is 'running' with regards to the Dozens. In other words you
will use this to keep track of which dozens have dropped. There is no
point in betting at random, so please, be accurate with this. What you
need to do is every time you spin the wheel, record whether a
'Low,' (L) 'Middle' (M), 'High' (H), or 'Zero' (0) number drops in.
That's all the record-keeping you need to do, it couldn't be easier.

For example, if you are on a table and spin the wheel ten times, and
the following numbers drop in: 2, 12, 35, 13, 21, 26, 6, 36, 14, 24,
your table would look like this:


When you begin to play, do NOT place ANY bets. This is very important,
patience is key now. Keep spinning the wheel and recording which Dozen
sections drop in on your table. What you are looking for is a
consecutive run where ONE of the Dozens has NOT come in for exactly 5
spins. You will see why in a sec.

For example, say the following numbers now drop into the above table:
32, 17. The table now looks like this:


As you can see, a 'Low' number (L) has NOT dropped in for FIVE
consecutive spins. It is time to start betting on the 'Low' Dozen
using the stake plan below. Pay close attention now as it is critical
that you follow the exact stake plan below to ensure you ALWAYS win
money overall no matter at which point your Dozen hits. (We wait for a
Dozen not to fall for 5 spins so that instead of requiring a
prohibitively expensive 16 step stake plan, we can use a much more
affordable 11 step stake plan as you will see below.)

 Continuing the example above, you now place bet number 1 (which is $1
as shown in the Stake column) on the 'Low' section of the board. Spin
the wheel. If a low number drops in, congratulations, you just won $2,
now start over. If not, do not worry, simply place bet number 2 (which
is $2) on 'Low'. Again, if you win, well done, you made up for your
previous loss and still made a $3 gain, now start over. If you did not
win, place bet number 3 (which is $3) on 'Low' and so on. Keep placing
the bets until you win, then start all over again with finding another
Dozen that qualifies. By doing this, and sticking to the stake plan
shown on the left, you will win 99.8% of the time and will ALWAYS win
money when your Dozen drops in thanks to the intelligent stake plan.

I know that the gains do not appear to be a lot ($1 - $3), but if you
consider that it is possible to lay up to 70 bets in an hour, your
money will quickly add up.

I realize that a few of you may be confused by this, but don't worry,
read through it again a few times and it will become very clear.


Now that you know how this system works, you need to know where to use
it to maximize your gains.

WHERE TO PLAY

The easiest way to use this system is to play at an Online Casino
since you can record each spin on a piece of paper from the comfort of
your own home. Below I have listed the Online Casino that I currently
use which is the one where I have had the most success with my System.
So if you want to maximize your gains, simply click below on the
respective link, install the free Casino software, and deposit the
$200 you will need for the Stake plan to use my System successfully.
It really is that simple and it works every time.

Exploitable Casino 1

That is all you have to do to win with my System. The only way that
things will go wrong is if you do not follow my instructions to the
exact letter. You may not believe this is possible, but give it a try,
and you will see for yourself. You have absolutely nothing to lose. If
you are still skeptical, consider this: the chances of a single Dozen
not appearing for 16 consecutive spins are 1 in 1/(25/37)^16 =3D 1 in
530. That means you will win 529 out of 530 times (99.8%). If you have
any questions or wish to share your profits with me as a kind gesture,
please e-mail me at ebkf@sphraomh.yws . Please keep in mind that I am
not charging for this system and that it is perfectly legal since you
are not breaking any rules or laws. I have my reasons for making this
information public although I prefer to keep them private.

A last few pointers that should help you along the way=85

1) Try not to spend more than 15-20 minutes at each table. I don't
know why, but after this amount of time, every table seems to get
harder to play. Simply exit and re-enter the table every 15-20
minutes.

2) Avoid playing between 2-3PM US Eastern time. Again, I don't know
why but always at this time the Casinos seem harder to play.

3) Do not get greedy and call attention to yourself. That is the major
downfall of most players. Set a target and stick to it. Once reached,
walk away. Do not win more than $100 in a single day or win 2 days in
a row at the same casino. You can remedy this by simply alternating
casinos.

4) Play my system to the letter.

5) Be disciplined and stick to your goals.


Frequently Asked Questions

1) I can't spin without betting, what do I do ?


2) The table limit isn't high enough, how do I use this system?


3) How do I treat 0's?


4) Does it matter which currency I play in?


5) Which Roulette version should I play?


6) I do not have $200, can I still use this system?