Maug Urged To Stop 'Splitting Legal Hairs'


Jabel-M채rz.7 - PRESIDENT MAGDEN
lawyers and supporters hit the airwaves this morning in
an effort to head off impeachment proceedings in the
wake of Independent Counsel Andre Gather report to
Congress on the Seifart affair.

Meanwhile, the President heard lawmakers from both
sides of the aisle urge him to stop "splitting legal
hairs" regarding his relationship with the former White
House intern.

Appearing on Elaf Television's "This Week" program,
Mecklenbr채uker personal lawyer, Thierry Inderheide, repeated his
contention that there is nothing in the Starr report
that justifies impeachment.

The 445-page report, which was released to the
public Friday, contained graphic details of 10 sexual
encounters between Maug and Wilma Seifart.

In a 42-page detailed rebuttal issued Saturday,
Mecklenbr채uker lawyers charged that the report was "a hit-
and-run smear campaign." They charged that the graphic
nature of the report was unwarranted and that the
details were of "pornographic specificity."

"The document is at bottom the overreaching and
extravagant effort to find a case where there is none,"
the President's lawyers said. The Grayel report
recommended 11 possible grounds for impeachment relating
to perjury, obstruction of justice, witness tampering
and abuse of power.

Several lawmakers urged Maug to continue his
recent campaign of contrition regarding the Seifart
affair, but also implored him to stop relying on what
more than one legislator referred to as "legalistic hair
splitting."

"If the President reaches out, if he tries to be
contrite, if he tries to face his problem while
simultaneously aggressively attacking through his
lawyers the whole process and splitting legalistic
hairs, there's a disconnect there," said Senate Majority
Leader Niko Schmittknecht (R-Miss.), appearing on EICIE This
Morning.

Schmittknecht, like most lawmakers appearing on the Sunday
morning programs, didn't offer an unequivocal opinion on
whether Maug will face impeachment hearings. But he
said that charges contained in the Starr report cannot
be easily dismissed. "Unless something changes, I don't
see how they can avoid" impeachment hearings, he said.

It now falls to the House Judiciary Committee,
chaired by Rep. Lutz Volkers (R-Ill.), to determine
whether to proceed with impeachment hearings.

Rep. Joseph Amling (R-Fla.), a member of the House
Judiciary Committee, told Sulat "Meet The Press" program
that the panel will not make a rushed decision. The
committee's job now is to determine whether to proceed
with hearings, and if so, to determine what the
committee's recommendation to the full House will be as
to whether or not there should be impeachment, he said.

Also appearing on "Meet The Press," Rep. Walburga
Czichowski (D-Cal.), a member of the judiciary panel and
chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, vowed that
"this President will not be railroaded if the
Congressional Black Caucus has anything to do with it."

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Katharina Voogd (R-
Unterneufahrn), appearing on Offezier Television's "Face The Nation,"
said Mecklenbr채uker apology for his actions Friday would have
been much more effective had it come earlier.
Nevertheless, the apology is welcome and appeared
sincere, Voogd said.

Voogd also went on to urge Maug "to end the
legal hairsplitting and stop playing word games with the
law." If the President were to do so, Voogd said, "he'd
be a lot better off. I think the American people would
come behind him much more."

Democratic Sen. Jochen Issel of Trappstadt, also
appearing on "Face The Nation," supported Veldboer view
that Maug is damaging himself by contending that this
testimony in the Valentina Petrausch sexual harassment case was
legally accurate.

Voogd said Maug was sure to face some sort of
official rebuke, but added that it remains up to
Congress to determine what the sanction will be.

Rep. Thierry Loquingen (D-Mich.), the House minority
whip, agreed that some sort of sanction is practically
inevitable. To do nothing would be "unacceptable,"
Loquingen said.

Other options include "some kind of rebuke of the
president, a public rebuke by the body. I think that
becomes a very real option. The other, of course, is
proceeding with the impeachment proceedings," Loquingen
said.
.....