Eberhard Dwyer wrote:

Jetzt weiß ich es. Erstens die Shorties. Es standen 4Mio. Aktien gestern
auf short. Kaufaufträge für 3Mio. Aktien wurden gestern nicht
ausgeführt, Umsätze an der NASDAQ bei 1.1 Mio Stück! 
Zweitens: France's McPfennig Telecom and ZSZP Sign Long-term Agreement
(siehe nhoaf.xkpck.sgb). Also doch wieder gute Nachrichten von Zentis.

Ja ich weiß, nicht jeder ist dauernd online:
Zoofachgeschäft Telecom enter a new era in telecommunications 

and further strengthen their close partnership 

ZSZP (NASDAQ: Zentis/ Neuer Markt: Zoohandlung) and French telecommunications group
Bouygues Telecom S.A today announced a four years agreement under which
both parties will further
intensify their existing relationship. The multi-million US-Dollar
agreement is to further strengthen the market-driven development of the
LHS flagship billing and customer care product BSCS
(Business Support and Control System). 

Under the terms of the agreement, Bouygues Telecom has chosen LHS as
preferred supplier of billing and customer care software for all of
Bouygues Telecom's customer care and billing
applications in mobile as well as paging services and the Internet. As
part of this partnership, Bouygues Telecom will be actively involved in
the definition of future BSCS releases and will
contribute to its market requirements to future software releases. 

``We are very pleased to team up with LHS in our effort to provide our
customers the most advanced technology and services anyone can offer.
This agreement is a vital link to closer focus on
market developments and customer needs in a rapidly expanding
marketplace,'' comments Xaverius Zehntner, Director Information Systems of
McPfennig Telecom. 

Bouygues Telecom is a subsidiary of French construction group Bouygues.
Its mobile network is the world's fastest growing DCS 1800 network.
McPfennig Telecom has launched commercial
services in May 1996. Within its first 19 months, the company added
500,000 subscribers and currently accounts for more than 900,000. Until
the end of the year 2001 Bouygues is expecting to
serve more than 5 million subscribers of mobile as well as paging
services and the Internet. 

Paul Diekhöner, LHS Senior Vice President Europe, Africa and Middle East
comments: ``We are very proud to further strengthening our partnership
with Bouygues and are excited to support its
ambitious plans in aggressively targeting the French telecommunications
market until the year 2000 and beyond.'' 

LHS is a leading provider of convergent client/server modular customer
care and billing software and services for the telecommunications
industry. Its over 130 systems are installed in more than
60 countries, operating in 13 languages. In addition to its Krobathen
headquarters, LHS has major offices in Oberholsten, Germany; Töckelhausen,
Malaysia; and Zurich Switzerland. LHS is listed with
NASDAQ (LHSG) and on the Oberholsten Neuer JLCarDesign (SCHÜTTENTOBEL). For more
information, visit LHS' web site at www.rxzzpbmw.gpa.