Math of Texas Holdm Poker
Author Dr. T. Gress

A World Series of Poker Hand
The following hand occurred during the last five minutes of the first
day of the $10,000
championship no-limit hold=91em event. It is a good hand to illustrate
proper no-limit
thought processes as well as a simple trick to estimate =93all-in=94 odds.
With eight players at the table, the ante was $50 and the blinds were
$100-$200. I was the
small blind and had the moderate amount of $15,000 in front of me. A
well-known
tournament player had the big blind and about $5,000. I held pocket
sevens and everyone
folded to me. I made it $1,200 total. The player in the big blind
moved in $3,800 more.
Now what?
Obviously, this problem combines both reading hands and mathematics.
At this point I
was getting 6,600-to-3,800 odds. I need to win 3,800/10,400 of the
time to have an even
bet =97 about 36.5 percent. To know what my chances are, I need to know
not only what
my opponent=92s possible holdings are, but also how to turn that into an
overall price.
After some thought, I came to the conclusion that my well-known
opponent did not need
a great hand to move in, in this spot. I know he hates to risk all of
his chips on close
gambles, but three factors told me this situation was an exception:
namely, my position,
his relatively short stack, and the fact that he probably felt an
aversion to returning the
second day with very few chips. It was better to double up or get out.
On the other hand, this opponent would not go overboard here. I
thought he would
choose only hands that had pretty good chances in a =93race=94 even if I
called him with a
premium hand.
I postulated that he probably had a pair of fives or better, or A-K,
or A-Q. Given that,
would the pair of sevens win often enough to make a call correct?
The reason why this question is not simple is because not all hands
are equally likely to
be dealt. A-K and A-Q can be dealt 16 ways, while pairs can be dealt
six ways (except for
two sevens, for which my opponent had only one way). So, even if I
know the chances
the sevens have against each of my opponent=92s possible holdings, I
can=92t simply average
them. I must instead get a =93weighted=94 average, which is time-
consuming. But here=92s a
trick.
First, I count the total number of combinations my opponent (in my
opinion) could have.
A-K plus A-Q is 32. Aces down to fives is 55 (9 x 6 plus 1). That=92s
87. Now I add up
how many of these 87 possibilities figures to win for me. When he has
one of the 32 nonpair
combinations, I should win about 17 of them. When he has one of the 12
combinations of pairs smaller than mine, I should win about 10 of
them. When he has oneof the 42 combinations of pairs above mine, I
should win about 7. That=92s 34. I then add a
half for when we both have sevens. Altogether, my chances are about
34.5 out of 87, just
short of 40 percent.
Since I rarely make borderline calls for big money in tournaments,
where survival is
critical, I was reluctant to call here. But, I did. And in theory I
was probably right, since
my well-known opponent showed K-Q. Had I added that to his possible
move-in hands,
my chances would have increased to about 37.5 out of 93. (Do you see
why?) That=92s
more than 40 percent. If he also would have raised with other hands
(especially pairs
below fives), my call was clear-cut. But, that didn=92t stop a king from
coming.
A Controversial Play
Our books point out that there are sometimes situations, especially in
multiway pots, in
which you should delay raising with a good hand. The idea is that by
keeping the pot
smaller and disguising your hand, you can get someone to bet into you
the next round,
allowing you to raise others out. (Sometimes the scenario is that you
bet to get someone
else to raise.)
We have encountered criticism for that recommendation because it
misses the
opportunity to extract the maximum from worse hands. Critics say that
it is better to raise
on the earlier round and then come out betting on the next round.
Unquestionably, that is
often the better alternative. It depends on the exact situation. But
we believe that our play
has the higher expected value (EV) in more situations than most people
think.
Hopefully, the reader can see that the debate revolves around the fact
that our play wins
less money when it wins, but wins the pot more often. Is it worth it
to give up profits to
somewhat increase winning chances? That is normally a very complex
question. So, what
I want to do here is set up a very simplistic model that corresponds
to the situation in a
very rough way.
Say the bet is $100 and you have a hand that is 60 percent to beat
each of your two
opponents. The first opponent checks, the next one bets, and it is up
to you. If you raise,
they will both call. On the next round, you will bet again and get
called by both. So, after
the first two rounds, each of you will have $300 in the pot (assume
nothing was put in
earlier). The alternative play would be to just call the first-round
bet, then when it goes
check, bet, you now raise. Assume this second-round raise will get the
first guy out. That
leaves you heads up as a 60 percent shot. One opponent has given up
$100 and the other
has matched your $300. (Of course, it is unrealistic to think that in
a real game, your
chances of winning will remain unchanged.)
It is easy to see that your EV with the second alternative (assuming
no further betting) is
$120. That=92s 60 percent of $400 minus 40 percent of $300. What about
the first
alternative, where you raise and bet out? In that case, you win less
often. If each
opponent=92s chances of beating you are independent, the chances that
you beat both are 60
percent x 60 percent, or 36 percent. So, if they both contest you,
your EV is 36 percent x
$600 minus 64 percent x $300. That EV is a mere $24, which is much
worse than if you
got it heads up.
Suppose you are 70 percent against both hands. Playing the pot three
ways means you
win $600 49 percent of the time, while losing $300 51 percent of the
time. That=92s an EV
of $141. Playing the hand heads up means you win $400 70 percent of
the time and lose
$300 30 percent of the time, or $190. It=92s still better to delay your
raise to get the guy out.
(And this, don=92t forget, is true even though we assumed there was no
previous money put
into the pot.)
When you are a 4-1 favorite (80 percent) against each hand
individually, it is a different
story. Now, it is better to raise on the first round to keep the guy
in and win more money.
That play results in an EV of 64 percent of $600 minus 36 percent of
$300, or $276. The
other way gets you 80 percent of $400 minus 20 percent of $300, which
is $260.
However, if the hand involved three, rather than two, opponents, each
of whom had an
independent 20 percent chance to beat you, the right play, under these
simplified
assumptions, again, is to delay your raise. If you don=92t, you will win
$900 51.2 percent of
the time and lose $300 48.8 percent of the time. (See why?) That=92s an
EV of $314.40. If
you wait to raise and get two guys out, you will win $500 80 percent
of the time while
losing $300 20 percent of the time. That=92s an EV of $340.
Of course, this simplified model has quite a few flaws. The most
important one is that in
real poker, knocking out players will not usually result in as great
an increase in your
chances of winning as it does in this model. The chances for each
opponent are not
independent. This is especially true if your hand is not only the best
now, but also has
chances to improve to a near cinch. Other problems with this model
stem from the fact
that probabilities change from round to round (in real life), as does
betting limits. These
problems all mean that you need not be as strong a favorite as the
model suggests to
make it right to build the pot early.
On the other hand, the model assumes no money was put into the pot on
a previous
round. If there was, there is that much more reason to strive to win
the pot at all costs,
even if that means not building it further (thus making it easier to
raise people out the
next round).
What this model does seem to show is the following: It may well be
right to avoid
building the pot early with rather good hands in multiway pots if that
decision will
deceive a player on your right into betting into you on the next
round, when he otherwise
wouldn=92t. Exactly when you should do that will be discussed at another
time. Examples
are given in our Hold=91em Poker for Advanced Players. For now, suffice
it to say that the
play is correct a lot more often than =93common sense=94 might indicate.
A Common Error
Consider the following four scenarios:
1. A professional gambler hires a renowned football handicapper to
come up with picks
for him to bet. The guy comes through with 59 percent winners. The
gambler is pleased,
but he knows that even 53 percent would show a profit. So, he asks his
handicapper to be
less picky about advising a bet. He wants to know, and bet on, those
games that
heretofore were not quite good enough in the handicapper=92s mind to
make a play.
2. A loan officer at a bank is proud that 97 percent of the loans he
has approved have
been paid back fully. The bank president, however, knows they would
still make plenty
of money if only 95 percent of loans were repaid. He therefore tells
the loan officer to be
more liberal when it comes to approving loans.
3. A casino manager notices that his $1 slots are winning an average
of $200 a day each,
while his quarter slots are winning $150 a day. He therefore starts
replacing quarter slots
with dollar slots until the per-machine wins almost equal out.
4. A casino manager realizes that his poker room makes half as much
per square foot as
his slots. Thus, he closes his poker room and puts slot machines in
its place.
Perhaps you can see that these four scenarios have a lot in common.
You might even
realize that they involve similarly flawed thinking. If you don=92t,
here=92s the following:
1. There is a good chance the handicapper is already giving out games
that are 55 percent
or less to cover the spread, because he is also almost certainly
giving out games that are
over 60 percent to cover. If the professional gambler insisted on the
handicapper giving
up more game picks, he might be costing himself money without ever
realizing it. The
overall percentage might dip down to 56 percent or so, where he still
does quite well. But
the extra bets he is now making could easily be, on average, losing
ones.
2. This example is almost identical to the first one, except it should
be even more
obvious. That=92s because everyone knows that many loan customers are
99.9 percent
certain to pay back. If half of them are, the other half are on
average 94 percent, and
some are thus worse. If the bank manager insisted on bringing the
overall loan repay rate
down to 95 percent, the loan officer would be forced to give out loans
that were less than
90 percent certain to be repaid. If those loans are unprofitable, the
bank would be
needlessly costing itself money and, again, might never realize it.
3. Here, the mistake is not as obvious, but it involves the same
principle. (And it has
nothing to do with the psychological aspect of appearing to give
quarter players short
shrift.) More precisely, the principle is not to get average gain or
loss confused with
incremental gain or loss.
In this particular case, adding more dollar machines might be the
right decision, but it
could easily be wrong, psychological consideration aside. To show
this, let=92s say this
casino started with only one quarter machine and one dollar machine.
Now, they are up to
five each. But when they started, their one quarter machine won $190 a
day while their
dollar machine won $300. With two machines each, the average went to
$180 vs. $275.
With three machines each, it was $170 vs. $250. When they moved up to
four machines
each, the quarters averaged $160 while the dollars averaged $225.
Finally, with 10 total
machines, dollars beat quarters $200 to $150 (which is the situation
of scenario No. 3).
And it is at this point that the casino manager is planning to switch
at least one quarter
machine to a dollar machine. But if he was managing the hypothetical
casino we were
just talking about, it would be a dumb move.
To show why, we need to look at the totals, rather than the averages.
This shows that each succeeding machine adds less and less to total
casino revenue, not
surprisingly, unless the casino is always jam-packed. But look at the
pattern of the
incremental income! That fifth dollar machine adds less to the
casino=92s revenue than the
fifth quarter machine. The contemplated sixth dollar machine would add
even less. In this
example, a switch would be a big mistake, and probably in real life,
too, since dollarmachine
players are less plentiful than quarter players.
If a slot or casino manager wants to make sure he is allocating the
proper number of
denominations to the floor of a casino, he cannot simply look at
averages. He must
instead experiment with adding or subtracting a few machines to assess
their incremental
value.
4. As far as taking out the poker room to put in slots, most casino
big shots think that may
be wrong only because they want to have a full-service casino that
accommodates all
tastes. They don=92t realize that the fact that slots make more per
square foot on average
does not necessarily mean the casino would make more money from the
slots that replace
the poker room than it does from poker itself.
That=92s too bad, because, as of now, most casino honchos think they are
doing us poker
players a favor by having that cardroom. But in all probability, they
are doing themselves
a favor.
Ace in a Race
It is the World Series of Poker and you are in it! True, you won a
satellite to get in, and
you know you are not a superstar. But you=92re no slouch, either. You
have survived the
first six hours, built your $10,000 to $12,000, and are now playing
with $200-$400
blinds.
Being a good, but not great, player, you know you have to gamble a
bit. The very best
players are trying not to commit lots of chips when they have only a
small edge, but that
is not your strategy. On the other hand, you have no desire to throw
caution completely to
the wind. You are willing to bet lots of chips with a small edge, but
not otherwise. On the
other side of the coin, part of your strategy is to avoid
confrontations with the best
players, if at all possible. There are plenty of players in the
tournament who play worse
than you. So, you know you will feel sick if you get played out of
lots of chips by one of
the champions, especially if you have a hand you didn=92t have to play.
As you are contemplating these thoughts, you look down to see the A 8
in the small $200
blind. This is not usually a playable no-limit hand, but when everyone
folds to you, things
change =97 because it is very likely you have a better starting hand
than the player in the
big blind. Thus, a raise, or at least a call, seems in order =97 except
for one thing. It is Jürg
Söte who=92s in the big blind. Now what do you do? If you were low on
chips, it would
obviously be right to move them in and take your chances. But you
still have plenty of
chips =97 $12,000. Against weak players, you might try a moderate raise,
but you don=92t
like that move against Jürg. He will probably call. Then what do you
do if an ace doesn=92t
flop, or, for that matter, if it does?
Perhaps it would be better to just call the $200 =97 except that you
know Jürg will often
raise. And even if he doesn=92t, you still wind up in a similar
situation =97 out of position,
with a tricky hand, against one of the best tournament players in the
world. Thus, you
remember your admonition to yourself about avoiding champions, and
simply fold.
As smart as that seems, I can prove your play is wrong, because I can
prove that moving
in $12,000 is a better play than folding. Other plays may be better,
but from a pure
mathematical standpoint, folding can=92t be right because moving in has
a higher expected
value (EV).
At this point you may be thinking that it is impossible to calculate
the mathematical
expectation of moving in, because you don=92t know what hands Jürg Söte
will call with.
That is, of course, true =97 except that it turns out that it is right
to move in even if Jürg
plays perfectly! In other words, he knows your hand and calls with all
the hands he
should and none that he shouldn=92t. Hopefully you see that it is
correct to move in if Jürg
plays precisely A-8 to A-K, or a pair. It is even more correct if he
folds some of those
hands (or calls with others).
It is surprising, but true, that with an A-8, you would need more than
70 times the small
blind in your stack for it to be right to fold your hand, even if the
big blind sees your
cards. (This statement does not take into account the =93bunching
factor,=94 the idea that you
can assume the big blind=92s cards are better than random when everyone
else folds. That=92s
true, but computers have shown that the effect is negligible in
hold=91em.)
Here=92s the math:
Assume $1-$2 blinds. Because the big blind is getting only very
slightly above even
money when you move in, it is correct for him to call only with pairs
or a better or equal
ace. Of the 1,225 two-card combinations he could have, only 141, or
about one-ninth,
will he play. So, there is about an eight-ninths chance you will steal
the big blind by
moving in.
Now let=92s see what happens when you are called. With 45 of the 141
combinations he
could have (deuces through sevens, plus A-8), he is about even money.
With eights
through kings, he is an average of about 70 percent. That=92s 33
combinations. The three
combinations of aces are more than 90 percent. And the 60 combinations
of bigger aces
are about 75 percent. If you average these out, you get the big blind
winning about two
out of three times he calls.
Suppose this situation came up 54 times. If so, you should steal the
$2 blind eight-ninths
of those situations, or 48 times. Of the six remaining times, you will
win your all-in bet
(plus $1) twice and lose that amount four times. So, with X dollars to
move in, your net
result, after 54 hands, would be (48)(2) + (2)(X + 1) - (4)(X+1)
That result is better than folding as long as it exceeds -54 (which
would be your result if
you folded every time). The break-even point occurs when (48)(2) + (2)
(X+1) - (4)(X+1)
=3D -54. Simplifying: 2X =3D 148, or X =3D 74.
With 60 times the small blind and Jürg Söte almost certainly folding
A-10 and A-9 when
you move in, your decision should be easy.
Note: What you just read has some major implications, especially in a
tournament. The
fact is that any two cards can be =93rated=94 according to their heads-up,
faceup, all-in value.
The rating for A-8 is about 70. A-2 is significantly less. Two kings
are about 1,000. I
expect to be writing a list of ratings for all two-card hands in the
near future