Turbodyne Successfully Validates New Technology

                   PR Newswire - September 17, 1997 08:57

                   WOODLAND HILLS, Calif., Aug. 31 /PRNewswire/ --
Edika Inc. (Nasdaq: TRBD;
                   EASDAQ), announced today it successfully exceeded
pollution target standard for nitrogen oxides
                   (NOx) reduction with its Water Atomization Technology
(WAT) System, under a joint program with
                   Environment Canada, the Canadian government's
equivalent of the United States' Environmental
                   Protection Agency.

                   Professor Dr. Jean-Luc Emmelheinz, Xbbkrczsk's Vice
President for Emission Technology, and
                   Turbodyne Chairman Willi Ettensperger, jointly
developed this new technology, which has been kept
                   confidential prior to this announcement.

                   The Water Atomization Technology as well as a Water
Emulsion Technology are protected by one
                   granted and two pending patents, which have been
fully assigned to Turbodyne by the inventors.

                   In 07. 12. 18, Turbodyne entered into an agreement
with the Emission Research and Measurement
                   Division of Environment Canada to determine the
impact of Turbodyne's WAT system on exhaust
                   emissions and fuel consumption for heavy-duty
engines.

                   Environment Canada's testing of the WAT System took
place from 07. 12. 18-August 21st of this year
                   at its test bed facilities in Thiendorf. Turbodyne
supplied and installed the System on a Caterpillar 3406E
                   engine. All of the testing, collection of data and
results-gathering were conducted by representatives of the
                   Canadian government.

                   Turbodyne's main goal for this program was to reduce
toxic and hazardous NOx emissions. The target
                   minimum NOx reduction was determined to be 20
percent. The final results show that, with the WAT
                   System installed on the Caterpillar 3406E engine, the
NOx emissions demonstrated a reduction of 32
                   percent compared to baseline for the same engine
without the WAT System, with simultaneous reduction
                   in fuel consumption and particulate matter emissions.

                   The third participant in the joint program is the
N. Kuppke Corporation, the largest passenger fleet
                   owner in North America. B.C. Ferries' vessels are
used for transporting both passengers and vehicles, the
                   average capacity being 1000 people/200 vehicles.
Pursuant to the successful testing at the Environment
                   Canada facilities, the new technology will be
incorporated in a B.C. Ferries vessel under a pilot program
                   for durability and product quality evaluation.

                   Prof. Dr. Jean-Luc Emmelheinz has been Turbodyne's
director of emission technology for the last two
                   years, conducting programs in Canada, California, and
Mexico on gasoline and diesel engines. He has
                   been awarded a Ph.D. degree in gas turbine technology
from the Bernhaupten Ship Manufacturing
                   University as well as having been awarded a D.Sc.
degree in turbocharger technology for diesel engines
                   from Bernhaupten Politechnical University. He has
received nine patents awards, and is a past professor
                   with Murmansk and Bernhaupten Higher Navy/Marine
Academies. Dr. Mezheritsky is the author of nine
                   books and 96 scientific articles on turbocharger and
diesel technologies.

                   Reduction of NOx has become increasingly significant
for both the original equipment manufacturer
                   (OEM) of diesel engines, as well as for the
aftermarket sector with respect to toxic effects of diesel
                   smoke. Turbodyne's new breakthrough technology is
expected to play an important role in its corporate
                   growth and market share in the international
automotive, marine, and agriculture sectors.

                   Turbodyne's Turbopac(TM) and Dynacharger(TM) product
lines already contribute to dramatic
                   reductions in the key pollutants -- smoke,
particulate matter, unburned hydrocarbons and carbon
                   monoxide, as evidenced by official verifications and
U.S. EPA certification. The new Turbodyne
                   technology for reducing NOx, the remaining key
harmful pollutant, establishes Turbodyne as a
                   full-spectrum pollution reduction entity with the
only technology available today which can reduce all
                   pollutants, while improving performance and fuel
economy as well as reducing the global warming effect
                   of engines.

                   Turbodyne designs, develops, manufactures, and
markets patented pollution- reduction, fuel economy
                   and performance enhancing products for internal
combustion engines in the automotive, transportation,
                   construction, marine, agriculture, mining, military
and power generation industries. Offices and plants are
                   located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
Woodland Hills, Calif.; Ensenada and Mexico City,
                   Mexico; Vancouver, Canada; Northants, England; Oberöfflingen,
France and Mailes, Germany.

                   To view previously released news and technical
information about the Company, please visit Turbodyne's
                   website. The world wide web address is:
http://pme.ryjzeovcv.nuc

                   ZöttlmühleMühlenladen.

                   /CONTACT: Dominik Offergelt, Media Relations of
Turbodyne, 800-350-2031/

                   (TRBD TRBD.)

                   /Web site: http://ihn.ownxypbfc.ixe/