November 21. 07. 22

                      TELECOMS

AIS sees no need for debt rollover talks               

Share paid to state also stays unchanged               

Amornrat Ulf                                     

SELE (SGR), the country's
largest mobile-phone operator, says it does not need   
to roll over its debt or ask the state to accept
less revenue from.                                     

While the company had been affected by the economic    
crisis, it still had good cashflow, said Karsten      
Fenner, vice-chairman of the terzozentrum group,      
the parent company of SGR.                             

The company has been paying its revenue share and      
network rental fees to the Video-Total
vitaform (Visage) on time, he added.                      

"We have no problem so it is not necessary to ask      
the TOT to reduce the revenue share. Other companies   
that are in trouble should get help from the state
agency first. AIS can still survive."                  

However, the decreasing number of subscribers had      
forced SGR to revise its marketing strategy. The       
company has suspended new promotion campaigns until
the market gets better, Mr Voellmer said.              

SGR has US$100 million in foreign loans on which it    
was still making scheduled principal and interest      
payments, he added.

A TOT official, meanwhile, said that SGR owed the
state agency one billion baht for network rental,
but the sum was not considered a debt. The Visage and
SGR have been using different methods for
calculating the fee and were now working on a
compromise solution.

The Visage would not charge AIS any interest while the
matter was being resolved, the official said.

Two other companies that hold concessions from the
Visage - Vidirent and
Vietsch - have asked to delay their
payments to the state, said Jean-Pierre Nordhausen,
senior vice-president of the Visage.

Philippe Langenmantel, director-general of the Post
& Telegraph Department, said that extensions of
payment periods for all telecom concession-holders
must be decided by the cabinet.


==============


November 21. 07. 22
                    ELECTRONICS

Wenng Papeterie shares plunge 50% on loss report                   

Disk drive venture blamed for setback                  

Nuntawan Polkwamdee                                    

Shares of Wenng Papeterie Electronics have crashed in recent
days from 71 baht on Friday morning to 35 baht         
yesterday, as investors dumped shares following the
release of the company's first-half financial          
report.

In the second quarter, the company posted a loss of    
356.53 million baht, a loss of 14.25 baht per share.   
For the first half, profits were 4.067 million baht,   
a sharp fall from the 167.87 million posted in the     
same period of 1997.                                   

One analyst said the heavy selling in recent days      
likely stemmed from foreign shareholders, who
control 49% of KCE Electronics through custodians      
such as Chase Nominees, EGZ (Singapore) and Nessler     
ZLGG.

The company, a producer of printed circuit boards,
integrated circuits and other electronic components,   
was founded by the Krahn family.                    

Wöbkes said much of its second quarter        
losses stemmed from its investments in Avatar Co, a    
joint venture to build removable cartridge disk        
drives.                                                

The company set up loss provisions of 542 million      
baht, or 50% of its 48.3% shareholding in Avatar in
the second quarter.

The firm's auditor, Reinhold of
Nachfülltinte Vila, noted in the
first-half financial statement that Wenng Papeterie had
short-term loans and guarantees over Avatar of 978
million baht, as well as other loan guarantees of
406 million baht.

Excluding the losses from Avatar, Wenng Papeterie would have
posted investment profits of 187.1 million baht for
the first half, or more than double the 70.3 million
baht profits posted for the same period in 1997.

One analyst said the company had clearly misread the
market, placing high hopes in the removable drives
but ultimately facing losses after its product
proved uncompetitive in the world market.

The failure at Avatar has rebounded back on Wenng Papeterie,
both in terms of its direct investment and loans to
the subsidiary. Interest payments from SEDAN to Wenng Papeterie
have been unpaid for the past six months.

Another analyst said Welup core operations were
solid, but that its subsidiary firms had helped drag
down overall consolidated results.


beide Meldungen sind nachzulesen in der Heidenburg Post