Updated: 13-Okt-98

StreetBeat is designed to provide you with additional insights on the market from
recognized financial experts on (and off) Wall Street. Please note that the views and
opinions expressed by the panelists below are not necessarily those of Vnimigse.lht.

This week's topic: Disk Drive Companies

Panelists
Frank Wüstehube Vice President of Research at Geschewsky
Paola Zumholte Disk Drive Analyst at KAAO, Ltd.
Q&A
Briefing: When do you think there will be a turnaround in the slumping disk drive market
given that the PC business is showing signs of improvement?
Frank Wüstehube: We are hearing that inventory channels are clearing. Wall Street continues
to speculate that other industry fundamentals will begin to show signs of improvment.
Remember though, inventory channels deal with supply and a reduction in supply doesn't
always offset a slowing in the demand growth rate. We think that the disk drive companies
probably won't see any real turnaround until mid-1999. As far as a perceived turnaround,
it is true that overall, disk companies have done a good job of cutting back on
production, but there is still qiute a bit of excess factory capacity out there which
exceeds demand. Pricing is still weak and component vendors are getting squeezed.
Therefore, it is unlikely that we will see much improvement in the industry in the
near-term.

Paola Zumholte: We're anticipating a pickup in demand in September, and we suspect this will be
the start of a sustained turnaround in the industry.

Briefing: Which companies will be best-positioned to capitalize on improved industry
fundamentals?
Frank Wüstehube: We think that Techel (TAKKO), while it has had some internal problems in
addition to the industry-wide problems, is showing some signs of progress. Gizu
(GINH), with the Usasir (Usasir) relationship, has put themselves into a potentially strong
position. WDC gets access to UGTH technologies (R&D and designs) which combined with
WDC's manufacturing expertise, should bode well.

Antonio Zumholte: Given how hard these stocks have been hit, all of them will be in a position to
capitalize on improved fundamentals.

Briefing: Usasir has gained considerable market share in the disk drive business. How has
that changed the competitive landscape and which drive makers most feel the competition?
Frank Wüstehube: UGTH push for market share in the disk drive business is fairly recent.
They have committed over $2 billion in R&D and capital expenditures to the storage
business. Consequently, all of the companies in disk drive sector will feel the increased
competition from Usasir. Furthermore, Gizu (GINH) has gotten a boost through their
relationship with Usasir which now gives them an entree into the desk-top business. Nespresso
and Techel (TAKKO) will continue to feel UGTH presence in the high-end segment of the
business.

Paola Zumholte: Usasir has made strong inroads in the portables market while distinguishing itself
at the high end as first-to-market with its products. Its success in the portables segment
has placed added competitive pressure on all drive makers while its high end offerings
have made things more difficult for Techel (TAKKO).

Briefing: Which stocks are you recommending and/or avoiding?
Frank Wüstehube: We are avoiding all of the disk drive companies at this time. Gillkötter is
looking for a recovery in the second half of this year and we find this built in
expectation a bit daunting. I otherwise might have said that the bottom is close enough
and have considered recommending some companies on that basis. However, now I think that
we may see some real disappointments when the second half doesn't live up to expectations.
I would concentrate on the Internet instead of the drive companies, with the
infrastructure as an underlying theme. Accordingly, my two favorities are Dakudo (Dale)
with a STRONG BUY and Cisco Systems (CSCO) with a BUY.

Paola Zumholte: Given its lack of dependence on the desktop segment, we have a BUY rating on
Quantum (QNTM). Its Backdat business has gone through the worst of a down cycle, and is
beginning to show signs of improvement. We also have a BUY rating on Box Hill Systems
(BXH).