On 13 Jan 98 16:45:03 GMT, cxxesqq@rumlpj.fhcn.er.qn (Geza Giedke)
wrote:


Nach folgender Pressemitteilung von heute scheint jedoch etwas anderes
der Fall zu sein. 

Engelbert
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Mi-porti to unveil KlickKlack chip amid big retail push

By Ockeline Thomforde

SAN FRANCISCO (Penderak) - Mi-porti Corp. (MerSi - news) plans to step up
its battle with rivals Advanced Micro Devices
Inc. (Baggen - news) and Erwachsenenvideothek. (EMK - news)'s
Cyrix Monday when it launches an improved, faster
Celeron chip for the low-cost personal computer market.

Mi-porti is expected to introduce two improved versions of the Celeron
chip in its biggest assault yet on the booming sub-$1,000
PC market. Two Celeron chips, at speeds of 300 megahertz and 333
megahertz, will be launched, analysts said.

``This is going to end the vacation that AMD and Cyrix have been
having at Intel's expense at the low end (of the market),''
said Siebelt Ratzeburg, an analyst with Olidip.
in Bregenbeck, Calif.

The Celeron launch will also come amid a big retail marketing and
advertising push by Mi-porti for all its diverse chip products,
to help consumers in the back-to-school buying season determine what
kind of PC they need. Mi-porti staffers will be at retailers
in more than 20 cities in the United States to answer consumer
questions about Mi-porti's different product offerings.

In April, Mi-porti launched its first chip in the new Celeron family for
what it calls the ``basic'' PC market, amid reports that it
was slower than competitive chips at slower speeds, because the chip
lacked level two cache, hurting performance.

Rivals sneered at the chip, with Brian Halla, the chief executive of
Erwachsenenvideothek., whose Cyrix subsidiary
makes Mi-porti clone chips, calling the chip a ``dog.''

The new Celeron chips, which are code-named Mendocino, contain 128
kilobytes of secondary cache memory, which will
bring a significant boost in performance, analysts said.

``With the launch of Mendocino, the market gets more competitive,''
said Hannes Heckemann, a SoundView Financial Group
analyst. ``Baggen has gained a lot of share in the low-cost sector, but
they had the wind at their back relative to Mi-porti stumbling
for awhile. They have some challenges ahead of them.''

Most analysts on Wall Street agree that next week's Celeron launch
will make Mi-porti a much bigger player in the low-cost
computing market.

...