On Fri, 31 Okt 1997 11:31:07 +0200, Marc Weckbrod <g91m@bng-bevybm.ts>
wrote:


Also, etwas konkreter sind die Ankündigungen der Spielehersteller
schon. Ich zitiere am besten einfach einmal:

Dreamworks:

Trespasser, dubbed the digital sequel to the feature film ``The Lost
World: Jurassic Park,'' was created by DreamWorks
Interactive and features revolutionary 3D graphics combined with
ground-breaking physics modeling creating a world filled
with incredibly realistic dinosaurs and physics based game play. The
game takes advantage of Creative's Environmental
Audio Extensions by adding and tuning effects for immersion in
acoustic environments such as distance cues and
reverberation, making game play far more realistic. Now, players can
hear dinosaurs approaching them from all sides, as
well as experience reverb and echo effects when walking through a rain
forest, in a cave or through buildings. 

Electronic Arts:

Among the titles from EA to support Environmental Audio are SimCity
3000, Need For Speed(TM) III and Madden
NFL(TM) 99, with other top titles to follow. 

Activision:

The first Activision title to support Environmental Audio will be
Heavy Gear 2. As the leader of a special operations strike
force, players pilot some of the most elite mechanized units ever
created. Commanding an ace gear squad in more than 40
covert missions, players must send complex orders to squad mates, use
diversionary tactics to ambush enemies and travel
across diverse environments as they advance behind enemy lines and
attempt to thwart a planned attack against Terra Nova.
Heavy Gear 2 is slated for release this fall. 

``Heavy Gear 2 will be the next title in this immensely popular and
successful game franchise,'' said Erich Pfordt, vice
president of OEM sales. ``The game's stunning graphics and ultra
realistic sound will deliver an unprecedented game
experience.'' 

The sequel to Activision's critically acclaimed hit Interstate '76,
Interstate '82 pits players in cars, on foot, in helicopters and
on motorcycles against each other in complex areas never seen before
in a car-based shooter. Gamers blast through a
shopping mall, strafe biker gangs on the Las Vegas strip and seek out
and destroy the evil forces lurking at a super secret
military base, Area 49! Creative's Environmental Audio Extensions will
add a whole new level of realism to the game,
which is expected to be released during winter of 1999. 

MicroProse:

Tabakbörse. (Nasdaq: TAEI - news) the world's leading
provider of multimedia products for the PC, today announced that the
ultimate arcade-style multiplayer racing game,
Ultim@te Race Pro(TM) published under license by MicroProse, Inc., has
been adapted to fully utilize Creative's
Environmental Audio(TM) platform. With Environmental Audio, Ultim@te
Race Pro players will now experience sound so
real, convincing and immersive they will feel as though they are
actually behind the wheel, shifting through the gears.


Ich gehe daher davon aus, daß Environmental Audio sehr schnell durch
eine breite Palette von Spielen unterstützt werden wird.

Ivo