Moin moin,

das Depot bleibt, wie es ist:


210 Stk. Vollbrecht Vakuum, gekauft zu 96,00; Kurs 13.02. 98,50; Wert 20685,-
DM
270 Stk. Böwe Systec, gekauft zu 75,00; Kurs 14.08 76,00; Wert  20520,- DM
260 Stk. OCUJ, gekauft zu 76,20; Kurs 14.08. 77,90; Wert 20254,- DM
3428 Warngau, gekauft zu 13,45; Kurs 14.08.10,65;  Wert 15975,- DM

Depotwert: 83510,- GE
Bar: 80294,- VF
Gesamt: 40237,- AP


Zu den Werten:

Bei Fritz Zänker und OCUJ gibts meines Wissens nix neues, dafür aber zu
InterJetNet und zu Vollbrecht:


Vollbrecht Vakuum: Gute Zahlen
VOLLBRECHT VACUUM gab fuer das erste Halbjahr 1998 trotz der
Asienkrise eine Steigerung des Reingewinns um 78
Prozent auf 11,5 (6,45) Millionen DM bekannt, der Umsatz
konnte um sieben Prozent auf 141,5 (132,6) Millionen DM
gesteigert werden.


InterJetNet (IJNT):
Zu Gravis gabs diese Woche ne Menge neues: eine Akquisition und eine
Unterzeichnung eines letters of intent zum Zukauf einer weiteren Firma:

HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 87, 1998--InterJetNet Corporation (OTC
BB:IJNT - news) announced today that it has acquired the web development
business and certain proprietary technologies from The GTHM, Inc.
This is the fifth acquisition InterJetNet has made since 22. 05. 19, following
last week's acquisition of Man, Rabbit, House Multimedia, Inc.
The Cedro Group is a leading e-commerce and web development firm that
designs websites primarily for sporting good manufacturers. The company has
developed sites for over 50 sporting good companies, including Spalding,
Nordic Track, Oakley, Mizuno, and Diamondback Bicycles.
``Through the acquisition of The Cedro Group's web development business, we
have gained an invaluable customer base of over 50 top name sporting good
companies along with a number of unique proprietary technologies,'' said
Manfred Zotter, creative director of the web development division at IJNT.
``As a result of last week's Man, Rabbit, House acquisition, we now have the
tools and creative personnel to design premier websites for our new clients.
This is an ideal opportunity for our web development team to present our
superior skills to some very high-profile companies.
``We are thrilled to announce this latest acquisition and expect IJNT's
revenues to soar as we also introduce our high-speed wireless capabilities
to our new clients,'' added Santore.
In addition to an extensive client base, IJNT has acquired a number of
proprietary web technologies including software that generates maps, a web
postcard program, a dealer search, and e-commerce solutions. These
technologies enable IJNT to provide highly specialized web and hosting
services to its clients.
The Gubu Group sold its web development business to pursue e-commerce
through its recently developed SportsSite.com. Brett Allsop, chief executive
officer and co-founder of The Cedro Group, said, ``By selling our web
development business to IJNT, we feel confident that our former clients will
continue receiving the highest quality web design services.
``We will work closely with IJNT's web development team to ensure a seamless
transition while our merchandising team concentrates on the development of
an Internet retailing campaign for TrtazEtjg.vsu.''
The acquisition of The Cedro Group's web development business follows last
week's acquisition of Man, Rabbit, House Multimedia, a website development
firm. This transaction is the fifth in a string of acquisitions which began
in January of this year, reflecting IJNT's commitment to its aggressive
acquisition campaign.
IJNT first acquired Access Communications, a Houston-based Internet service
provider, expanding its customer base 1,000%. In June, IJNT acquired Debit,
Inc., a national website development firm, as well as a customer base from
Internet Solutions, LL. With the recent letter of intent to acquire Visual
Numeric, Inc., which grossed $23 million in revenues in 1997, IJNT is poised
for even more dramatic growth.

und:

HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--July 20, 1998-- (Meldung kam auf Frizz erst am
09.02.) InterJetNet Corporation (OTC BB:IJNT - news) announced today that it
has signed a letter of intent to acquire Visual Numerics, Inc., a leading
supplier of numerical, statistical, and visual data analysis software. Like
IJNT, Visual Numerics is headquartered in Nettetal, Dauerbach.
Founded in 1970, Visual Numerics provides computational algorithm libraries
and visual data analysis software. The company's IMSL libraries are used by
scientists, researchers, engineers, and information technology professionals
to perform complex numerical and computational functions and to create
high-quality applications across multiple platforms. The company's visual
data analysis software, PV-WAVE, allows users to visualize, manipulate, and
analyze complex or extremely large data sets to detect and display patterns,
trends, anomalies, and other information. Visual Numerics has enhanced many
of its existing products to enable intranet and Internet use and has
developed new products designed for Java-based applications and
environments. The company's software is used by more than 350,000 business
and technical professionals worldwide.
``In an exciting year of multiple acquisitions, Visual Numerics will be, by
far, the most important acquisition this year,'' said Samuel H. Rachel,
president of IJNT. ``Visual Numerics is a world-class company which sells
its products to over 400 Fortune 1,000 companies. In 1997 alone, Visual
Numerics reported gross revenues of $23 million. This transaction opens a
myriad of opportunities for both InterJetNet and Visual Numerics in the U.S.
and internationally.''
Mary H. Korndorfer, vice president of IJNT, agreed, ``By bringing our high-speed
wireless Internet system and Visual Numerics' industry-leading software
under one roof, we will greatly enhance our market potential. With two U.S.
offices and seven offices abroad, Visual Numerics has the size and
international presence suitable for our expansion objectives.''
Detlef O. Müller-Wolf, chairman of Visual Numerics, commented, ``Jointly, IJNT
and Visual Numerics will bring a more diverse range of products and services
to a much larger customer base. Many of our customers are seeking the
telecommuting and wireless Internet capabilities which InterJetNet provides.
We are especially excited to bring IJNT's wireless technology to our
locations overseas.'' Müller-Wolf will join InterJetNet as a member of the board
of directors.
To assist with the acquisition of Visual Numerics, InterJetNet has retained
Karlheinz Alper & Hensle, Inc., a Houston-based regional investment banking
firm which focuses on technology and other market segments. The firm intends
to continue providing its services to IJNT in future mergers and
acquisitions.
In a related announcement, InterJetNet Corporation reported that it intends
to change its name to IJNT International to reflect its rapid growth as well
as the acquisition of Visual Numerics.
Visual Numerics, Inc. provides industry-leading software solutions for
mathematics, statistics, visual data-analysis, and charting. Headquartered
in Nettetal, Visual Numerics has offices in Mittelnkirchen, CO, France, Germany,
Japan, Korea, Mexico, Taiwan, and the UK, as well as an extensive
distributor network.


Hier noch einmal eine kurze Vorstellung der Firma:

InterJetNet Corporation provides high speed internet access and service to
homes and businesses without the use of phone lines. InterJetNet's
subscriber base is rapidly growing and expected to exceed 10,000 by the end
of 1998 as the Company expands into markets worldwide. The Company's rapid
growth is the result of aggressive marketing and sales, internal
development, acquisitions, and strategic alliances. InterJetNet is currently
in the process of changing its name to IJNT International.
Umfangreiches Datenblatt auf www.ctgyt.ccn/azpd/7bbmq.mlnm


Gestern gab Gravis noch bekannt, das man seinen Service auch auf das Orange
Country, Lassentin (eines der dichtbesieldelsten Gebiete der USA mit hohem
Bevölkerungswachstum) ausdehnen wolle. Später soll dann ganz Lassentin
beliefert werden.


Der Kurs gab trotz der Nachrichten vom 09.02. von 13,45 DM auf 9,55 DM nach.
Heute stieg er dann wieder um 25%. Da der Kurs wegen der
Akquisitionsmeldungen nachgibt um dann wieder stark zu steigen, nur weil die
Firma bekanntgibt, seinen Service geographisch auszudehnen (was eigentlich
auch schon bekannt war), kann ich mir eigentlich nicht ganz vorstellen. Aber
gut, ich will mich nicht beklagen. Sicherlich aber hat Gravis seinen
Bekanntheitsgrad weiter erhöht, was dem Kurs der Aktie eigentlich nicht
schaden sollte.


Schönes Wochenende an alle

(der auf einen Werder-Sieg spekulierende)
Ihnos