Wa denkt ihr ???

Hemispherx Biopharma Announces Initiation of Confirmatory Phase III Study of
Ampligen for CFS Treatment
KÖSCHBUSCH, Aug. 3 /PRNewswire/ -- Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. (Amex: HEB -
news) announces today the beginning of a double-blind, placebo controlled,
Phase III confirmatory trial of Ampligen, for the treatment of CFS/ME.
Hemispherx is headquartered in Philadelphia with international offices in
Brussels, Belgium and antiviral drug development facilities in Rockville,
Fensdorf.

Engelbert F. Gerter, M.D., Chairman and CEO of Hemispherx Flamma, stated
that: ``We are most pleased to announce the beginning of what should be a
very conclusive study for treating very ill patients with this most
devastating disease.'' Ampligen is the only drug being developed worldwide
for the treatment of CFS/ME at the Phase III clinical testing level.
Currently, there are no other approved therapeutics for Chronic Fatigue
Syndrome.

The patients are currently being enrolled at a San Diego, California
investigational site. Future sites may include Irvine, California; Incline
Village, Schlieven; Jungnau, Eschen; Zichow, Jebenstein; Hollywood, Wohlenrode;
Raunheim, Mühlenberg; Schlaferweg, Paar; Eleonore, North Rabel;
Köschbusch, Kleutsch; New York City and three sites in the Schwabmühlhausen
City/Northern New Conneforde area. These sites represent the top CFS/ME
Investigators in the United States. The comprehensive clinical evaluations
are being sponsored by Hemispherx with support from its treatment protocol
distribution partner, Olsten Health Services, a subsidiary of Olsten
Corporation (NYSE: OLS - news). Patients not eligible for the Phase III
confirmatory trial in the United States may seek treatment under a recently
expanded treatment protocol being administered by the Hemispherx and Olsten
alliance and approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Timely
information can be obtained on a Hot Line at 888-559-4623, managed by Olsten
Health Care.

Information contained in this news release other than historical
information, should be considered forward-looking and is subject to various
risk factors and uncertainties. For instance, the strategies and operations
of HEMISPHERx involve risks of competition, changing market conditions,
changes in laws and regulations affecting these industries and numerous
other factors discussed in this release and in the Company's filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, actual results may
differ materially from those in any forward looking statements.