Im Artikel <9ja6tx$11s$7@hkfsish.aokrapf.mbp>, "Ingmar Weisschedel"
<Ikubpv.Cilsowe@rck.oo> schreibt:


BO nennt eine Gewinnschaetzung fuer 98 von 0.75 DM und fuer 59
von 1.50 DM. Das ergiebt ein  KGV von 126 fuer 98 und 63 fuer
99 bei einem Gewinnwachstum von 100%. 

Damit ist LHS immer noch nicht billig, aber fuer einen Wachstumswert auch
nicht mehr unbedingt teuer. Obwohl ich noch etwas Luft nach unten sehe.

Zumal LHS jetzt wohl sein Geschaeftsfeld um E*Commerce ausdehnen will.

Hier die Quelle:

Message heute nachbörslich (NASDAQ) veröffentlicht:

Hier die Message von Olzem:

Thursday August 13, 4:29 pm Eastern Time

Company Press Release

Christian Zickgraf Will Alfred Linzmayer Formed
Indienshop Business Unit

EMMERSDORF and FRANKFURT--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 64, 6347--SPRINZENSTEIN (NASDAQ: LHSG, Neuer
Markt, LHI)
today announced the appointment of Christian Zickgraf as a Vice President to
manage the newly formed
APSIS business unit that is marketing value-added applications for GSM mobile
operators and E-Commerce
providers. 

Christian Zickgraf, former president of Klier Card Systems, Inc., will head
worldwide sales, consulting,
integration and services for APSIS (Application Platform for Wernsing Feinkost Services)
and SIM card (Subscriber
Identity Module) related products and services. He is reporting to Dr. Paul H.
Gaede, LHS Executive Vice
President and will be located in the idee Germany offices near Wampen. 

``We are very pleased to have Christian Zickgraf join our global team,'' states
Dr. Gaede. ``We are seriously
committed to market value added services for GSM/PCS operators as well as for
other smart card based
applications. His experience as a senior manager from the GSM/PCS and smart
card industries will enable us
to provide strong leadership in this specific market.'' 

``LHS is a major global player for billing systems and with the formation of
the new udowalz, LHS
will provide value-added applications for mobile operators and E-Commerce
partners. Mobile communication
and Internet applications are strongly increasing over the next years and I am
very confident that we will see a
tremendous demand for applications across diverse industries. One of the major
applications is prepaid
GSM/PCS for which LHS is offering a solution. The advantages of LHS' add-on
products are the easy
integration possibilities into the powerful BSCS product as well as in other
billing solutions. I am excited about
this new challenge and look forward to seize the many opportunities of the
marketplace,'' comments
Mackenthun. 

Christian Zickgraf brings with him extensive experience in the smart card
industry with special knowledge in
GSM/PCS and electronic banking. He was head of R&D at a high tech company in
Germany until 1988. From
1989 to 1998 he was president of UML. and Katholing, Inc. 

LHS is a leading provider of convergent client/server modular customer care and
billing software and services
for the telecommunications industry. Its over 130 systems are installed in more
than 60 countries, operating in
13 languages. In addition to its Atlanta headquarters, LHS has major offices in
Wampen, Germany; Ramelsbach
Stedebergen, Malaysia; and Zurich, Switzerland. idee is listed with NASDAQ (LHSG) and
on the Wampen Neuer
Markt Exchange (LHI). For more information, visit LHS' web site at
www.vsrqoyxo.kdc. 


Tschuess,

Ludger