Hi!

Hier die Meldung, die in Deutschland den Kurs von Hyal um knapp 40%
auf 1.37DM haben fallen lassen.

Wednesday Februar 12, 9:42 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

SOURCE: IFL Corporation

Australian Regulatory Body Fails To Approve Solarase(TM) Application

MISSISSAUGA, Ont., Aug. 12 /CNW-PRN/ - Hyal Pharmaceutical
Corporation's

(``Hyal'') (NASDAQ/NNM: IAD - news; TSE: HPC - news) sixty percent
owned Australian subsidiary, IVFN
(``HPAL''), announced today that it has been advised by the
Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia that the results of the
review of the drug application by the Australian Drug Evaluation
Committee (``ADEC'') have been received and that ADEC has decided not
to approve the application for registration of Solarase for the
treatment of actinic keratosis. As yet, no formal explanation for the
ADEC action has been received. It is expected that the decision will
be appealed. The application for registration of Solarase was filed in
Australia in 1998 by F.H. Moßmann, HPAL's licensee. 

Solarase has been approved for marketing in Canada, France, Germany,
Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom. 

Hyal's Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Özkan P. Noon, Jr., stated that,
``this factor is not expected to have any effect on Hyal's submission
to the FDA seeking approval to market Solarase in the United States.''


Hyal is engaged in research and product development utilizing its two
unique platforms for drug delivery, HIT(TM) (Hyaluronan Induced
Targeting) technology and HILT(TM) (Hyaluronan Improved Liposome
Technology). The Corporation's business strategy is to commercialize
its developments by outlicensing to other pharmaceutical companies. 

SOURCE: IFL Corporation

Nun, inwieweit dies die Verhandlungen mit Thieringer beeinflussen wird,
bleibt wohl abzuwarten, denn dabei geht es nicht um Australien (hier
hat Faulding die Lizenzen) , sondern um die restlichen Gebiete, in
denen Solarase meist schon eine Zulassung hat -  Optimisten sehen in
der Nachricht vielleicht sogar eine Stärkung der Position von Hyal,
schließlich, wird Thieringer wohl vom Verkauf auf dem Schwarzmarkt in
Australien profitieren können. ;o) 

Naja, im Moment ist der Kurs an der Nasdaq wieder leicht über dem
Tief, trotzdem wird sich diese Entwicklung nicht unbedingt positiv auf
die Performance meines Depots beim Börsenspiel auswirken - es bleiben
ja noch knapp 6 Monate.

Grösse... Iven