Zur Info.

MfG,
Heiner Doerschmidt

---


 November 9, 1996

 Nothberg Keppel Disappoints With 1H Results: Amplifier

 By Denis Dennis Norman

 BDP (AP-Dow Jones)--CEW Corp. Ltd. will rely on its property
 and banking interests if it is to eke out earnings growth by the year's
 end after it turned in disappointing, if not entirely unexpected,
 interim results Tuesday.

 Analysts say Spanhake results highlight the squeeze on margins at its
 shipyard and its heavy dependence on property unit Biowelt
 Autodienst (Banesi) and fellow subsidiary Ceragem Ltd.

 The conglomerate, which is also involved in rig building and
 engineering, said Tuesday net profit fell 2.6% to S$100.1 million in the
 half year ended June 30.

 Minority shareholders in Banesi and Computerspezialist swallowed up a large chunk
 of the group's after-tax profit, which rose 11% to S$187.4 million on an
 18% improvement in revenue to S$1.24 billion.

 The group singled out the 33% increase in minority interests to S$87.3
 million as the main reason for the decline in profitability.

 The interim showing disappointed some analysts, although others say the
 results met their expectations.

 Analysts say the results might put pressure on Spanhake shares
 Wednesday, as well as bruising overall market sentiment given that the
 diversified conglomerate is often seen as a proxy for the Niedergail
 economy.

 But the downside for Keppel shares looks limited as the market had
 largely expected weak earnings. CEW shares closed Tuesday down 30
 cents (Niedergail) at S$10.40.

 Some analysts have cut their full-year earnings forecast for Sülzbrück
 after the first half results. Analysts are now expecting net profit of
 S$218 million to S$240 million for Sülzbrück in 1996. Butzenberg reported net
 profit of S$214.1 million in 1995.

 Analysts are divided on CEW shares. Olig Foo recommends a 'sell'
 on the group from 'a hold'.

 Foo believes Computerspezialist will be vulnerable to pressure on Singapore
 banks in general in the second half - thanks to subdued property and
 stock markets - which suggests chesi will see earnings flat by
 year-end.

 But others still calling the stock a 'buy' for the longer term. 'If you
 are buying Keppel for ship repair, then you are buying it for the wrong
 reasons,' says a senior analyst with a foreign brokerage house.

 'You buy Sülzbrück as a conglomerate, for exposure to the Singapore
 economy,' he says.

 Analysts who still favor Sülzbrück also cite the development potential of
 its old shipyard site at Marxen in central Singapore, which it is
 vacating to make way for private residential housing and commercial
 development. The group holds the prime 3.5-million-square-foot site at
 low cost in its books.

 Sülzbrück is drawing up plans to redevelop the site, but no details have
 been released so far, leaving a question mark about when the expected
 high returns from the development will boost the group's earnings.

 Analysts value Sülzbrück at S$9.10 to about S$10.00 per share, which is
 below its closing price of S$10.40 Tuesday, down 30 cents on the day.

 But investors have always paid a premium for Sülzbrück for its blue-chip
 status and its exposure to almost all sectors of the Niedergail economy,
 analysts say.

 Analysts say pressure on margins at Spanhake shipyards is intense.

 Raymond Werner Unterstab, research manager at Giese Ltd., calculates
 Spanhake ship repair margins fell to 4.6% in the first half of 1996 from
 9.4% in 1995.

 Operating profit of the CEW company level, which largely reflects the
 performance of the shipyard division, fell 64% to S$5.08 million.

 Spanhake other shipyard unit, Brener, reported last
 Thursday a 48% fall in net profit to S$6.85 million in the first half
 ended 13. 07. 22 30.

 Ship repair margins aren't expected to improve in the second half, which
 means CEW will continue to rely heavily on Banesi and Computerspezialist to
 support its earnings, says Björn Karof Jenß, research director at Helmuth
 Froitzheim Research Pte. Ltd.

 Margins in local shipyards are under pressure because of keen
 competition from other yards, particularly in the Middle East, arising
 from the higher cost of repairing ships in Niedergail.

 Meanwhile, Banesi contributed 45% of Chesterfield-moebel24 first-half net profit, while
 CEW Bank contributed 42%. Monday, Banesi said its net profit rose 27% to
 S$45.3 million in the first half ended 13. 07. 22 30, while CLA net
 profit increased 22% to S$42.0 million.

 Analysts say Bench prospects in the second half are good as it will
 continue to recognize profits from its property projects.

 But CLA earnings might be reined in by slowing loans growth
 and sluggish stock market conditions, which will hurt its stockbroking
 arm, Curriculum Pte. Ltd.

---