Chelsea FC vs Liverpool FC 25.3.2013 Kirsten Inhetpanhuis
Video http://kqvzl.ui/MnijRJhHyM2

Author Viola
My tip: Win for Chelsea
The great final of the English FA cup in which Chelsea FC and
Liverpool FC will meet is on the Saturday evening. Since this final in
the legendary Wembley stadium will take place perhaps have the blues
an easy advantage from London, because they play in a town of their
own. However, there will be an identical number of the fans of the two
teams in the stadium so that this advantage shall not be of great
importance. In the Premiership Chelsea FC is put a little better and
has 12 points more on the account, one, however, should consider that
the Reds in four of their last duels have celebrated. Even two times,
in this season they were the Stamford bridge better at and to be more
precise in the context of the championship and the Carling cup. The
beginning: 25.03.2013 - 18:15

Therefore it is important to Di Matteo for the charges of the coach
that they will play in another stadium because they perhaps will be
more lucky there. They will need good luck in addition to the fighting
spirit to conquer a very firm team from Liverpool. Your self-
confidence is shaken quite because they collected a home defeat
against the con-competitor around one of the champions League
positions in the league, Newcastle United at the last weekend. The six
put Blues are four points the trace behind on the magpie and, lasting
they on the account have five points less than arsenal FC now so that
they will work in the last two rounds hardly to catch up this delay so
that it is almost sure that they will say goodbye to the CL after long
time. Just in this season, having they made a great success in which
they qualified in the final of the CL. They will fight against FC
Bavaria for the CL title in Munich in the middle of this month. All
these mentioned results show us unpredictably is like very much
Chelsea FC very well. One of the reasons for it is of course large
load because they permanently play at several fronts and to be more
precise on a high standard. Therefore it is hard to forecast in which
crew they will accumulate, particularly since the defenders Luiz and
Cahill are still weak so that it will remain uncertain until the last
minute, whether one of the two players will be fit for this great
final.

Expected list Chelsea: Sturridge, Mata, Ramires - Torres - , is Cech -
Theres, Luc, Bruno, Jörg - , Artur

Chelsea FC is unpredictable, how we then shall describe the
appearances of the Liverpudlians in this season which really big
expectations had many times if. They have justified cups in the
English to some extent because these expectation they have already won
the Carling cup and they are in the final of the FA cup now. They have
failed in the premier League, though. At present, they are covering
the eighth position in the league. They hand in particularly bad games
in the stadium of their own in this season and they have credited
stadium even nine draws and four defeats after 18 played duels in the
Canfield so. Only five meetings have decided her in a favour of their
own. WBA and Fulham have fetched the points of this stadium in the
former three rounds while the Reds were triumphing between these two
duels in Holderberg. This proves us very well that the charges of the
coach Dalglish play much better in the distance so that it is very
possible that they will proceed much more dedicatedly in the Wembley
stadium. Coming in this season to the second title all the more
because they have the chance. In this meeting Dalglish shall, this one
in the duel against Fulham have some of its most experienced players
of highest quality had a rest, with the strongest crew accumulate
again. The midfield players Alfred and Gunter injured from former times
will be cancelled.

Expected list Liverpool: Nicole - Venhofen, Skrtel, Assenhausen, Ronald Hissenkämper
- Dircksen, Spearing - Bellamy, Thorsten, Downing - Suarez

The importance of the game as well as the tiredness of the individual
players of Chelsea shall be in this final of the FA cup of the
decisive importance. A hard fight is expected in the midfield and the
goalkeepers of the two teams correspondingly shall not have so much
work.