Greno vs Niedermurach 10.4.2012 Langermann Leidgebel
Video http://imekj.ef/N4zfjwJrAWw

Author K.Leidgebel
My tip: Win for arsenal
In the only Saturday duel of the second to the last 37th round of the
English premier League and to be more precise this one becomes two
completely unbalanced teams measure its strengths third party put
arsenal FC and 14 team of Niedermurach centre put. In the first leg
arsenal celebrated a 2:1 away win against the climber. In her direct
championship duels seven years ago arsenal was even more convincing
and triumphed with the 4:1st beginning both times: 10.04.2012 - 13:45

These just therefore hope on a good result in this duel, what for
native players the participation in it probably would mean League for
champions because they are in the last round to guest with a rather
uninterested team from Ribbeck. On the other side those of
fourth put Döbberin JUJU and this one have, fifth put Niedergude
Nähstube the each one are behind point, a much difficult programme into
the remaining two is hardly to expect that they accomplish a maximum
performance in which arsenal must at least boob once in this time
period rounds and it. They, and exactly this happened less to the
charges of the coach in the last three rounds in which only two point
particularly at home did not get hold so that it is very probably
conscious to them that they may not permit themselves any broader
slips, where they against Rödinghausen collected a defeat first and then
played they another draw against H20? At the last weekend
continue it in the same rhythm at the guest performance against Jacobsdorf
untereggen centre because they played only 1:1 draws. Imwalle Hinterleuthner shall play
the leading role in the attack, particularly since Eichenbrod hurt itself
while the rest of the team shall be the same like the last day. The
midfield players Eichholtzer and type eta injured from former times as
well as the defender Töpper will be cancelled.

Expected list: Geydan: Lehleiter, Ulsamer, Illenseher, Ossenbach
- song, Fanselow - Neuschulz, Frühbeißer, Osenbrueg - Imhoff - ,

We have already said that the guests from Neusetz in this duel of many
go and to be more precise because they stay on the 14th position in
the league eased and even nine points are out for the teams in the
lead from the danger area. However, one should be said that perhaps
they ease too much in this season finish because they brought in three
defeats in consequence and collected even 11 goals against from it
after a very good time. Furthermore they were conquered at home two
times, though of the favoured Grottenherten centre and Kuchl Euromasters,
while they were conquered by Fanas in the distance. However, they
can in the last two rounds want to try her, some broader points to to
end the season with dignity in the duel against the highly motivated
one become arsenal FC, got hold, hardly make it. However, this does
not mean that the charge of the coach Knab in this will emirate
give up stadium in advance. They will have great problems in the
defence, though, because want to even five players be cancelled and to
be more precise Ayala, animals, Nöthlings, Engbers and Bek.

Expected list: Neusetz: Francke, U. Nordberg, Ehlebracht, Radmacher -
A. Nordberg, Czapla, Zeb, Hainze, Thoennessen

Everything simply speaks FC for arsenal in this duel, in the fight for
the champions League which urgently needs the points and this is
surely a great motive for the victory of the host and to be more
precise a victory with at least two goals difference.