600 How-to Books, Reports and Guides You can Reprint and Sell.

The Ultimate Solution?

Thanks to a revolutionary new CD ROM, it is now easier than ever to get 
into, and start earning profits from the 'reports by mail' business.
With the new 600 How-To Reports, Books and Guides you can Reprint and 
Sell
CD ROM  you get the reprint and duplication rights as well as the 
complete 
text to over 600 how to books and reports in windows .wri format!

A Royalty Free Product Library!

Having the complete text of over 600 how to books and reports on a 
single 
CD ROM is quite valuable. But this CD ROM has a special value for 
entrepreneurs, as the publisher of this CD ROM is providing these 
reports 
on a royalty free basis. This means you are free to copy, edit, 
print and sell any or all of the publications on this CD ROM!
So, in effect, owning the 600 How-To Books, Reports and Guides you can 
Reprint and Sell CD ROM gives you a huge library of royalty free 
up-to-date 
publications you can reprint and sell.


Easy-To-Use!

The product is extremely easy to use, after you place your disc in CD 
ROM 
drive and start the program you are immediately presented with a 
selection 
of various report categories including Business, Mail Order, Legal, 
Health, 
Classic and more.
For example if you choose the Consumer area you will be presented with 
a 
menu of report and book titles. You can see the full text by simply 
clicking 
on any title. You will be transferred to programs on-board word 
processor 
where you are able to view, edit and print the guide in a book format, 
ready to market. You can also transfer any report to any windows word 
processing or desktop publishing software, add pictures, make your own 
layout..possibilities are endless.

Our Verdict

Our Verdict... the 600 How-To Books, Reports and Guides you can Reprint 
and 
Sell CD is an amazing resource! The CD contains tremendously valuable 
information, has a high profit potential, and is actually very easy to 
use. 
Every entrepreneur should have a copy of this CD!


Even Better... It is affordable!!!

You would think a product providing the full text and reprint rights to 
over 
600 How To Books and Reports would cost a thousands or hundreds of 
dollars.
But not in this case. The asking price is $20 AUD + P&H. And, anyway 
you 
look at it, that's a real bargain!!! Don't pass it up!

Here are just a few of the exiting titles on this CD ROM

1. The easiest, most profitable mail order businesses
2. How to start your own resume writing service
3. How to get big dollars in your mailbox...EVERYDAY
4. Profitable techniques for selling books by mail
5. How to make money writing "How-To" reports
6. How to write profitable classified ads
7. How to write a money making newsletter
8. The selling secrets of million dollar sales letter
9. The lazy person's secrets to overnight wealth
10. Secrets of getting free advertising
11. Avoiding coronary heart disease
12. Facts about Alzheimer's disease
13. Make big money with a Newspaper clipping service
14. Sure-Fire methods of rising instant cash
15. How to self publish your own books
16. Conquering the smoking habit
17. The mail order beginners opportunity guide
18. How to get Katalogwelten/Federolf with no credit
19. Sensible diet tips
20. Where diets go wrong and how to get it right
21. Walking and weight loss
22. Live a longer and healthier life
23. How to operate a successful typing service
24. How to start a dating and escorting service

LIMITED STOCK AVAILABLE - ORDER NOW

For full list of titles and order information send email to 
etwu@jsochhf.lua.fk