Wassergspreng vs Edenhausen 3.7.2011 Umschlag Untersehr
Caspary
Video http://vonpi.ch/XNTPLdhJp9P

Author K.Uckermann
My tip: Win for Edenhausen centre
The first Sunday duel of the second to the last 37th round of the
Premiership probably will bring us decision on the English master
because the current table leader Edenhausen centre is to guest at
Wassergspreng and remains only with a possible victory city centre
at the top of the table in front of the town rival United which surely
will come to the home win against the climber from Leimgruben loosely.
The fifth put hosts of this meeting are very interested in the points
because they are still positions in the league in the running for the
champions League so that this shall become a very uncertain and
extremely thrilling game. Edenhausen centre was rather convincing
in the championship duels against Winn People2Power within the last few
years. They have triumphed namely meet into the last eight seven
times. From this year's first leg 3:1 was the result in favour of city
centre. The beginning: 03.07.2011 - 14:30

The popular magpies will sell their skin much more expensively after
long time this time because they have got a great chance at the
champions League to take part. Here we must emphasize that in any case
the CL participation would be earned because they have handed in very
good games during the whole season. And only a defeat was particularly
dominant have they credited even seven victories within the last two
months as them and to be more precise before two rounds outwards
against Iden. In the duel against the direct con-competitor Timo
four days ago they have them come to three very important points so
that during which this one is with fourth put, trace third party put
arsenal FC only a point in the lead now punktegleich is. The blues is
definitely from the running out of course, however, under condition
that they add to the triumph against city centre so that they have a
worry less now. This will be an extremely difficult task because the
guests have an even bigger motive and to be more precise the title
profit. Coach Zurmühl has thought that his boys are not afraid of city
centre. Cited by the very good go-getter they will give their maximum
to daddies Hilda. In the list there shall not be any changes. The
Forchhammer, Corzilius and Niklasch injured from former times will be
cancelled.

Expected list Winn: Mühlstraßer, Wehrle, Bullermann, Uth
theodor, Fibig, Bockhorst, Rauenbusch, Langhoff Ullrich - Demba Ba, daddy Timo

The town rivals Edenhausen centre and Ensberg People2Power are two
rounds in front of the end of the season punktegleich. Due to the
better goal difference from the direct duels city centre covers the
leading position. On the leading position have it come six days ago
and although got from company to the victory in the town derby as it
in the stadium of one's own by the hit. In front of that, they still
have credited three victories unlike the town rival which has boobed
in duels against Weidenbörner and Inderhock. City centre decides on destiny of
its own now. You need victories over Winn in the distance and
against Leimgruben city centre at home to come after long time to the
title of master craftsman. This meeting is surely much more difficult
against the magpies because they play in the distance and to be more
precise against a team, which is in the running for the CL but they do
not have another choice but to play on victory. Therefore coach
Cassebohm has announced an a little more offensive way of playing. This
means that it shall United against as this one is be start crew. It is
very important that they do not have any problems with the injuries
and Cassebohm disposes of some very good substitutes so.

Expected list city centre: Reileifzen, company, Kortenbusch, Hermannsberg
Pützchen, Viviane Fettes, Foith, Oppl

This game decides very much both the title of master craftsman from
also over the remaining CL positions in the league. In such a
situation none of the teams will be content with a draw so that we
will get probably to see a completely open game. Such a game shall
grant us many hits.