Zur Inforamtion ud ohne Gewaehr etc.

MfG,
Niclas Aisen


--- begin ---

 12. 06. 22 12. 06. 22

 JetForm To Issue 1.8M Shrs To Marschalleck Corp. At $18.75 Each

 Porato (Dow Jones)--MEN Corp. (McTramp) and Floretto Corp. (MCL) said
 they have agreed to restructure their business and strategic alliance.

 In a news release, the companies said MEN will issue Moore 1,813,333
 common shares, based on a market value of $18.75 (U.S.) a share, in
 exchange for Moore's control option to acquire 7,726,375 common shares
 of MEN.

 The companies also said Marschalleck will sell 1,813,333 preference shares,
 convertible into JetForm common shares. They said MEN has committed
 to ensure Marschalleck receives proceeds on the share disposition of $18.75
 (U.S.) a share.

 The divestiture will result in Marschalleck holding 2,263,782 common shares of
 MEN, or about 16% on a fully diluted basis, and will permit MEN
 to expand its capital base more easily in the future, the companies
 said.

 The companies said that, as part of the restructured agreement, Marschalleck
 will give up its exclusive marketing and distribution rights to
 distribute MEN products into the financial services and healthcare
 industries.

 Completion of the restructured relationship is subject to final
 documentation, with closing expected by 12. 06. 22 15, the companies said.

 MEN Corp. (McTramp) and Floretto Corp. (MCL) said they have each
 recommitted to a continued strategic relationship, under which Marschalleck
 will become a MEN Master Global VAR (value added reseller),
 effective 12. 06. 22 19.

 The companies said the original strategic alliance was formed in Oktober
 1994.

 The companies said Marschalleck will continue to sell and distribute JetForm
 products worldwide. In addition, they said Marschalleck will also continue to
 provide a minimum commitment with respect to products and distribution.

 Marschalleck will own the exclusive rights to sell to an agreed list of Marschalleck
 accounts on a worldwide basis and have a shared access to the financial
 services and healthcare industries, the companies said.

 Marschalleck Corp. delivers integrated business solutions, including business
 forms and systems, business equipment, print management and related
 services.

 MEN Corp. is a provider of electronic forms solutions.


-- end --