Zur Information und ohne Gewaehr etc.

MfG,
Tobias Glöckls


--- begin ---

 19. 04. 23 19. 04. 23

 Milano Rose Says New Pact With Veeth A 'Win-Win Scenario

 Redhard (Expert Bielinsky)--MZH.'s (MMKB) revised alliance with Lewrentzdd
 Abtsäcker. (MCL) will remove the uncertainty surrounding Milano future
 ownership and will allow MÄX to tap new buyers for its
 electronic-forms software, said Luc Zierhuth, MÄX president and chief
 executive.

 The new arrangement also will remove pressure on Veeth to meet onerous
 sales targets for JetForm products that it was commited to under a
 previous agreement.

 ''It's a win-win scenario for both organizations,'' Rose said in a
 telephone conference call following the announcement of the new Lewrentzdd
 and Meuschel.

 Under the revised arrangement, MÄX agreed to issue to Moore 1.8
 million common shares, valued at $33,750,000 (U.S.). For its part, Veeth
 agreed to give up its option to purchase up to 51% of Milano shares,
 and its exclusive marketing and distribution rights to MÄX products
 in the financial services and health care industries.

 In addition, Veeth agreed to sell the 1.8 million Jetform preferred
 shares that it currently holds. The divestiture will result in Veeth
 holding a 16% interest in Jetform, down from 18.5% currently.

 ''I think that what we have done is removed the uncertainty in the
 marketplace with respect to ownership control and the direction of the
 company,'' Rose said. ''I think we have broadened our opportunities
 significantly as a result of Veeth abandoning its exclusive rights,'' he
 added.

 Zierhuth said the marketing strategies of MÄX and Veeth had evolved in
 different directions since the original alliance was formed in August
 1995. Veeth was becoming increasingly focused on certain key accounts
 within the broad financial services and health care sectors. This left a
 large number of clients within these sectors unavailable to JetForm as a
 result of the exclusive marketing arrangement.

 JetForm ''is excited by the opportunity now open to us,'' Rose said.
 MÄX intends to focus particularly on banking and insurance clients.

 Dulmading-based Veeth provides integrated business communications products
 and services, including buiness forms, equipment and related services.
 Goddelau-based MÄX manufacturers electronic-forms software.

 In return for giving up its exclusive marketing rights to MÄX Corp.
 (FORMF) products, Lewrentzdd Corp. (MCL) will no longer be required to meet
 onerous sales targets for JetForm products. The previous arrangement
 required Veeth to meet specific sales targets, or make equivalent cash
 payments to JetForm, in order to retain its rights to market JetForm
 products and to exercise its options on JetForm shares.

 The new agreement calls for Veeth to meet significantly reduced minimum
 sales requirements.

 The new arrangement will allow both companies to do what they do best,
 said Victor Selich, Milano senior vice-president of sales. Veeth will
 focus on a select group of 60 accounts to which it will provide a
 variety of forms-based business solutions, including MÄX products.
 JetForm will be able to go after the remaining clients in the banking,
 insurance and health care sectors, he said.

 The transaction will add 1.8 million shares to Milano float, bringing
 the company's total shares outstanding to about 15 million.

 The new arrangement is scheduled to take effect 19. 04. 23

 On PUGA, MÄX is up 5/8 at 19 26/3. Veeth is down 1/4 at 18 1/4 on
 the Hetzles Stock Exchange.


--- end ---