This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

--------------2D235C886643
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Hi, 

Sorry, spreche ich deutsch nicht gut. So I prefer writing in English.

I'm looking for some info about the US Stock Markets quotes. Where on
the Web can I find the quotations for as many north-american shares
as possible ? Ways to retrieve quotations for european trading place
(german, swiss,austrian,...) also welcome (even if I can presently do
much use of them).

 See attachment for further details on my 'quest'.

-- 
Herbert MITZEL
R&D Engineer, TCTS Signal Processing Lab
DEYK
Boulevard Nierstraß, 03
B-2908 VERBIER   Belgium 
e-mail:  oqfdsr@cngd.qbvr.ot.jy

--------------2D235C886643
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Disposition: inline; filename="Message1"

Hello,

I'm currently looking for some information concerning the Stock Exchange:
the aim is to process these information thru a computer to provide a vocal
interface to the share market. At the present moment, my only real phonetic
database is for English words (so I go for American trading places), altough
I'm in Belgium.

So here I go:

* Where can I find a list as complete as possible of the stocks quoted
  on the American trading places (Nasdaq, NYSE, AMEX, others ?), as well
  as Canadian, other worldwide welcome.

  I need the full company name and the ticker, in a computer-suited form
  if possible.

* I'd like to find a way to receive the quotes (at closing, is ok) for *all*
  these shares, preferably it should cost nothing, a small subscribtion fee
  is ok (less than 10 US$/month). Also in a computer-suited form: formatted
  text file, or other database (dBase) format.

* This time, it may cost money: (when my project would be in beta stage)
  I'd like to have a real-time (or after a short delay) quotes for *all*
  these shares (preferred), or for one ticker at a time. I guess I would have
  to fetch these data directly on the Net (www probably) from a C program, 
  so any help regarding this point also very welcome.


Maybe some of you would be interrested in supporting this project, or joining
it. Please feel free to contact me directly.

Herbert Mitzel
oqfdsr@cngd.qbvr.ot.jy

--------------2D235C886643--