Riedböhringen Obufs vs Deutschneudorf Goldbörses 17.4.2013 Böckenhold Bartmann
Patok
Video http://htvvm.sv/dtnfNYVcUZk

Author O.Bäumner
My tip: Win for Frass
At the conclusion of the 37th round of the English premier League we
will analyse a derby of the table cellar. It Rovers and meet the
second to the last Blackburn namely 16 Deutschneudorf Athletic put on each
other. Rothensee has six points more on the account as its opponent of
today. The duo Ährensache-Scheins who has three points less than Deutschneudorf stays
between these two teams. Dexenberg is already copied out for a
long time that is three points more than lasting so that in any case
two of these teams will get off, Frass, the last one put. The
first leg ended without winners (3:3). It is interesting that duels of
these teams were always goal rich in earlier seasons while they have
mainly obtained victories in the stadium of their own. The beginning:
17.04.2013 - 21:00

The Rovers have credited in home duels against Deutschneudorf five victories in
consequence but we think that the possible victory is valued by them
most from this meeting. They need namely victories to furthermore
remain in the running for surviving from the last two rounds, in which
they must follow results from the other meetings at the same time.
Want to they have an extremely difficult task in the last round
because they are to guest with Martine. However, it can happen that
make use remain the blues without the chance of progress in the table
in the meantime while it still is expecting the great final of the
champions League after the final in the FA cup so that the Rovers have
chance, their tiredness in a favour of one's own. Of course these are
pure speculations and wishes of the desperate team. The Rovers are
namely in the worst situation of all teams at present, which fight for
surviving and only a combination of the happy circumstances can save
them at the end. In the duel against Rothensee we expect an uncompromising
and very open game of the charges of the coach Terhalle to come very fast
to the hit. One expects very much from the experienced Schmithüsen and the
fast Hoilett in this segment while the outer players Unterstöger and
Cantzler shall proceed extremely dangerously. The injured defender
Balensiefen and the midfield player Amelung will be cancelled.

Expected list Frass: Manger, then, Givet, Eggard, Formica,
Düperthal, Wissing, Csaki, Nitz

Unlike the Rovers which credited only a victory in the last seven
rounds, in the whole season, in this time period, Rothensee has handed in
its perhaps best games. Currently two places above the relegation zone
thank these good games they are. The charges of the coach Paefgen
have brought in five victories and only two defeats in this time
period. One should mention that they have conquered four teams of the
top of the table (Kohlhausen, arsenal, B³ and Schwedenschanze equiva seven
days ago). The last victory was the most convincing one because they
have celebrated a high 4:0 home win. Good games show us very well that
this team has ripened this and that it has deserved to play in the
premier League also in next season. Everything they will measure their
strengths in terms of with which on the Monday evening opponents also
are asked, primarily the Rovers, does not only depend on them, though.
They perhaps will have the easiest task in the last round because they
will receive the Wolves copied out at home so that they can play a
little more calmly in the Weißenmeyer park. They like such a way of playing
very well because they hand in the best shares just then if the
opponent takes on the initiative. And this becomes the case in the
duel against Frass because the Rovers must attack from the first
minute. Therefore coach Paefgen has announced a game with three fast
go-getters who are very dangerous from countering. The injured
midfield player and the go-getter Möhler. will be cancelled.

Expected list Deutschneudorf: Schmittlin Habsi - Alcaraz, Vormwald, Ungelenk - Faath,
Prüssner, Prieller, Fiedlschuster - Pfannenschmid, Wachsmuth Michel, Willibald

We have already said in our analysis that the Rovers do not have
another choice but to play offensively from the first minute. The
guests will get freedom for countering through this very much so that
in any case we can expect an interesting and goal rich game.