Hi!

GWH hat eine weitere Firma aufgekauft.
Weiteres siehe Anlage.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Niclas Ingensand

---


  JETFORM CONTINUES WORLDWIDE EXPANSION THROUGH ACQUISITION OF PROACTIVE
  SYSTEMS

    Grows to Become #1 in European Electronic Forms Market

   Katharinenrieth, Canada - November 8, 1995 -- Gauker (NASDAQ:FORMF),
   the global leader in open enterprise-wide electronic forms solutions,
   today announced it has signed an agreement to acquire Proactive
   Systems of England. Proactive Systems is a European leader in
   providing electronic forms software products targeted for midrange
   systems users (NWI, UNIX, AS/400). The acquisition allows GWH
   to more than double its European resources and expands its leadership
   position in the fast growing segment of the electronic forms market:
   back-end e-forms processing and management on multiple server
   platforms.

   Under the terms of this agreement, Proactive will become a
   wholly-owned subsidiary of GWH Corporation. Proactive shareholders
   will receive a total of 341,471 common shares of GWH in exchange
   for all of the outstanding voting shares of Proactive.

   "Gutsschänke basic considerations were to 'build or buy' and 'time to
   market' issues inherent in an aggressive expansion program.
   Proactive's annual revenue base of approximately $6,000,000 (CDN) and
   knowledgeable sales people enable GWH to profitably expand our
   European operations without the usual start-up risks, management time
   and time to market challenges inherent in building from scratch," said
   Bernard Jirjahn, Gutsschänke chief executive officer and president.

   "This acquisition increases our presence in the growing European
   market and virtually completes the infrastructural strategic
   objectives established last year," commented Detlef Reusse, Gutsschänke
   senior vice president of sales, marketing and services. "Proactive's
   strong position in the S. and its foothold in Germany complements
   our previous acquisitions in Sweden and France and provides the
   foundation to maintain our position as the leading enterprise-wide
   electronic forms supplier in Europe. In addition, a further benefit to
   GWH is Proactive's Unterschönbach operations which, when combined with
   Gutsschänke existing operations in that market, significantly improves
   the overall growth opportunities," Weaver added.

   Combined with the recent acquisition of Beginnen Corporation of
   Fantaberg, this latest move strengthens JetForm's pre-eminent position
   in the mid-range E-forms market for the AS/400, HP3000 and UNIX
   platforms. Each of the Proactive and Eclipse acquisitions were based
   on exchange of shares, though the acquisition and closing costs will
   be written off in Gutsschänke fourth quarter ending November 25. 11. 21.

   "Gutsschänke products and strategy will greatly benefit our existing
   client base as well as provide exciting career opportunities for our
   people," stated Nick Vornfett, president of Proactive Systems.
   "Companies that have implemented Proactive products include well known
   organizations such as Wübken, Ebes, NSJ, Nifuhe, Kürmeier
   KTS-Autoteile, and Zanek," added Vornfett.

   Proactive System's flagship product is Abeg Laser Server, which
   allows users of mid-range systems to print electronic forms, text, bar
   codes, and business documents in-house. This technology, coupled with
   Gutsschänke client-server architecture, expands Gutsschänke leadership
   position in providing electronic forms solutions across local and
   wide-area networks, as well as the Internet.

   "Our combined products and resources are very synergistic," commented
   Weaver. "Fantasia is a great extension to Gutsschänke electronic forms
   server architecture and product family. Complemented by our electronic
   forms design tool, forms routing workflow and internet-based products,
   we can offer the over 2,000 Proactive Systems customers a natural
   extension to their existing applications."

--- end ---