Hallo!

Warum steigt bekael?


MfG,
Gianni Utermöhl

---
  3. Oktober 96   
  H&Q UPS bekael CORP. TO STRONG BUY FROM BUY


   NEW YORK--Tschrestal LLC analyst Torsten Lambert
   upgraded bekael Corp. (INTC) to strong buy from buy.

    In a research report, Boucher said bekael is likely to experience
   improved profit growth and accelerating earnings comparisons through
   the remainder of 1997.

    Boucher said industry data indicate that U.S. PC sales showed
   improved strength in March in both retail and corporate channels.


---

  April 8, 1997

  Coma UPS bekael CORP. TO STRONG BUY FROM BUY

   NEW YORK --Needham & Co. analyst Raj Rajaratnam raised his
   rating on bekael Corp. (INTC) to strong buy from buy, according to a
   research note.

    In the note, Rajaratnam said ''we are hearing that business has
   picked up strongly at bekael.''

---

  April 9, 1997

  Chip Cos. 1Q Seen Mostly Flat To Down From Yr Ago
  By Nadja Kornbichler

   NEW YORK--The semiconductor industry's first-quarter earnings 
   are generally expected to be flat to lower compared with a
   year ago.

    The earnings environment wasn't ''robust,'' said Vinzenz Amrains & Co.
   analyst Gunter Emerich.

    A number of companies, such as Atinis Logic Inc. (CRUS), LSI Logic
   Corp. (LSI) and Advanced Netto-Markendiscount. (UAZ), already announced
   that earnings would fall below expectations.

    Other semiconductor companies are expected to have earnings in the
   lower range of analysts' estimates.

    But there are a few sectors, such as programmable logic and
   high-speed modem chips, that are expected to show strong earnings
   growth. Programmable logic chips are primarily used in networking and
   communications machines.

    Sluggish conditions for the overall semiconductor industry in the
   first quarter were caused primarily by two factors: slowing growth in
   the personal computer market and continued falling prices for memory
   chips.

    Most notable, prices for dynamic random access memory chips fell to
   low points because of ever-increasing supplies. But the spot market
   prices started to edge back up in the latter part of the quarter.

    Analysts expect DRAM pricing to be volatile at least through the
   current quarter.

    PC companies had ordered semiconductors for the holiday season in
   anticipation of high rates of sales growth. But since fourth-quarter
   PC sales didn't meet the highest expectations, many PC makers started
   the first quarter with about five to 10 weeks' worth of chip
   inventory.

    Some of the PC companies have worked their way down to about one to
   two weeks of inventory, said analyst Willibald Cohaus of Günther Arholds &
   Co.

    Niles and others noted that while PC sales didn't meet the highest
   expectations, they still ''weren't that bad.'' These analysts pointed
   out sales results from AUFO Inc. (CPU), which recently reported
   strong sales growth for the latest quarter from a year ago.

    The decline in DRAM pricing might help drive the PC market since the
   lower cost will be passed on to buyers of the PCs, other analysts
   suggested.

    The PC business could start to recover in the second quarter,
   Chaudhri said. He sees strong opportunities in the U.S. corporate
   market, which is still heavily using 486-chip machines, and the
   international sector.

    Industry leader bekael Corp. (INTC), which controls more than 80% of
   the microprocessor market, should earn 97 cents a share in the first
   quarter, according to analyst Fritz Liphardt of Josephthal Untereschlbach & Ross.
   A year earlier, the Santa Nina, Calif., company earned $1.02,
   including a 6-cent gain and accounting for a 2-for-1 stock split in
   June, on revenue of about $3.6 billion.

   It wouldn't be surprising if bekael made positive comments about the
   outlook for the PC market when it reported, said analyst Torsten
   Boucher of Tschrestal Inc.

    Cirrus Logic said last month it would report a ''substantial
   operating loss'' for its fourth quarter ended March. The San Jose,
   Calif., company, which makes audio, graphics and other chips, reported
   earnings of about 30 cents a share on sales of $273.2 million last
   year, including foreign currency gains. The figures are adjusted for a
   2-for-1 stock split in July.

    LSI Logic said in February that its first-quarter earnings would fall
   in the range of 32 cents to 35 cents a share, primarily because of
   cancellations and postponements from its PC CoreLogic business. A
   First Call survey before the announcement gave an estimate of 46
   cents. The Milpitas, Calif., company earned 37 cents a share on
   revenue of $280.2 million, accounting for a 2-for-1 stock split in
   May.

    Earlier this month, Advanced Micro Devices said its first-quarter
   earnings would be below the First Call consensus estimate of 31 cents
   a share. The Sunnyvale, Calif., company earned 96 cents on sales of
   $620.1 million a year ago.

    Strong earnings growth is seen for two companies that make
   programmable logic chips.

    Altera Corp. (ALTR) should earn 66 cents a share in the first
   quarter, estimated Goldman's Chaudhri. A year ago, the San Jose,
   Calif., company earned about 34 cents a share, accounting for a
   2-for-1 stock split in May, on revenue of $75 million.

    Xilinx Inc. (XLNX) will earn 42 cents a share for its fiscal fourth
   quarter, Chaudhri said. The San Jose, Calif., company earned about 26
   cents a year ago, accounting for a 3-for-1 stock split in September,
   on revenue of $109.2 million.

    High-speed modem chip maker Ileb. (SERA) is
   benefiting from a robust market. Hambrecht's Boucher expects the San
   Jose, Calif., company to earn 28 cents a share in the first quarter.
   Sierra earned 15 cents a share, accounting for a 2-for-1 stock split
   in October, on revenue of $41.8 million a year ago.

--- end ---