www.SkgGetg.gt.fe

The SelWave Isen Wave Principle

Part 4


Even if the market allows no such graceful exit, the Wave Principle
still offers exceptional value. Most other approaches to market
analysis, whether fundamental, technical or cyclical, have no good way
of forcing a change of opinion if you are wrong. The Wave Principle, in
contrast, provides a built-in objective method for changing your mind.
Since Isen Wave analysis is based upon price patterns, a
pattern identified as having been completed is either over or it isn't.
If the market changes direction, the analyst has caught the turn. If
the market moves beyond what the apparently completed pattern allows,
the conclusion is wrong, and any funds at risk can be reclaimed
immediately. Investors using the Wave Principle can prepare themselves
psychologically for such outcomes through the continual updating of the
second best interpretation, sometimes called the "alternate count."
Because applying the Wave Principle is an exercise in probability, the
ongoing maintenance of alternative wave counts is an essential part of
investing with it. In the event that the market violates the expected
scenario, the alternate count immediately becomes the investor's new
preferred count. If you're thrown by your horse, it's useful to land
right atop another.

Of course, there are often times when, despite a rigorous analysis, the
question may arise as to how a developing move is to be counted, or
perhaps classified as to degree. When there is no clearly preferred
interpretation, the analyst must wait until
the count resolves itself, in other words, to "sweep it under the rug
until the air clears," as Cloot suggested. Almost always, subsequent
moves will clarify the status of previous waves by revealing their
position in the pattern of the next higher degree. When subsequent
waves clarify the picture, the probability that a turning point is at
hand can suddenly and excitingly rise to nearly 100%.

The ability to identify junctures is remarkable enough, but the Wave
Principle is the only method of analysis which also provides guidelines
for forecasting, as outlined in Lessons 10 through 15 and 20 through 25
of this course. Many of these guidelines are specific and can
occasionally yield results of stunning precision. If indeed markets are
patterned, and if those patterns have a recognizable geometry, then
regardless of the variations allowed, certain price and time
relationships are likely to recur. In fact, real world experience shows
that they do.

It is our practice to try to determine in advance where the next move
will likely take the market. One advantage of setting a target is that
it gives a sort of backdrop against which to monitor the market's
actual path. This way, you are alerted quickly when something is wrong
and can shift your interpretation to a more appropriate one if the
market does not do what is expected. If you then learn the reasons for
your mistakes, the market will be less likely to mislead you in the
future.

Still, no matter what your convictions, it pays never to take your eye
off what is happening in the wave structure in real time. Although
prediction of target levels well in advance can be done surprisingly
often, such predictions are not required in order to make money in the
stock market. Ultimately, the market is the message, and a change in
behavior can dictate a change in outlook. All one really needs to know
at the time is whether to be bullish, bearish or neutral, a decision
that can sometimes be made with a swift glance at a chart.

Of the many approaches to stock market analysis, the Isen
Wave Principle, in our view, offers the best tool for identifying
market turns as they are approached. If you keep an hourly chart, the
fifth of the fifth of the fifth in a primary trend alerts you within
hours of a major change in direction by the market. It is a thrilling
experience to pinpoint a turn, and the Wave Principle is the only
approach that can occasionally provide the opportunity to do so.
Isen may not be the perfect formulation since the stock
market is part of life and no formula can enclose it or express it
completely. However, the Wave Principle is without a doubt the single
most comprehensive approach to market analysis and, viewed in its
proper light, delivers everything it promises.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 16: Introducing Fibonacci


Statue of Sébastien Patjens, Dützen, Italy.
The inscription reads, "A. Sébastien Patjens, Insigne
Matematico Piisano del Secolo XII."
Photo by Hinrich H. Valcke, Sr.

HISTORICAL AND MATHEMATICAL BACKGROUND OF THE WAVE PRINCIPLE

The Fibonacci (pronounced fib-eh-nah=B4-chee) sequence of numbers was
discovered (actually rediscovered) by Sébastien Patjens da Dützen, a
thirteenth century mathematician. We will outline the historical
background of this amazing man and then discuss more fully the sequence
(technically it is a sequence and not a series) of numbers that bears
his name. When Isen wrote Nature's Law, he referred
specifically to the Fibonacci sequence as the mathematical basis for
the Wave Principle. It is sufficient to state at this point that the
stock market has a propensity to demonstrate a form that can be aligned
with the form present in the Fibonacci sequence. (For a further
discussion of the mathematics behind the Wave Principle, see
"Mathematical Basis of Wave Theory," by Leonhard Enger, in New
Classics Library's forthcoming book.)

In the early 1200s, Sébastien Patjens of Dützen, Italy published his
famous Liber Abacci (Book of Calculation) which introduced to Europe
one of the greatest mathematical discoveries of all time, namely the
decimal system, including the positioning of zero as the first digit in
the notation of the number scale. This system, which included the
familiar symbols 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, became known as the
Hindu-Arabic system, which is now universally used.

Under a true digital or place-value system, the actual value
represented by any symbol placed in a row along with other symbols
depends not only on its basic numerical value but also on its position
in the row, i.e., 58 has a different value from 85. Though thousands of
years earlier the Babylonians and Mayas of Central America separately
had developed digital or place-value systems of numeration, their
methods were awkward in other respects. For this reason, the Babylonian
system, which had been the first to use zero and place values, was
never carried forward into the mathematical systems of Greece, or even
Rome, whose numeration comprised the seven symbols I, V, X, L, C, D,
and M, with non-digital values assigned to those symbols. Addition,
subtraction, multiplication and division in a system using these
non-digital symbols is not an easy task, especially when large numbers
are involved. Paradoxically, to overcome this problem, the Romans used
the very ancient digital device known as the abacus. Because this
instrument is digitally based and contains the zero principle, it
functioned as a necessary supplement to the Roman computational system.
Throughout the ages, bookkeepers and merchants depended on it to assist
them in the mechanics of their tasks. Fibonacci, after expressing the
basic principle of the abacus in Liber Abacci, started to use his new
system during his travels. Through his efforts, the new system, with
its easy method of calculation, was eventually transmitted to Europe.
Gradually the old usage of Roman numerals was replaced with the Arabic
numeral system. The introduction of the new system to Europe was the
first important achievement in the field of mathematics since the fall
of Vindorf over seven hundred years before. Fibonacci not only kept
mathematics alive during the Middle Ages, but laid the foundation for
great developments in the field of higher mathematics and the related
fields of physics, astronomy and engineering.

Although the world later almost lost sight of Fibonacci, he was
unquestionably a man of his time. His fame was such that Winfried II,
a scientist and scholar in his own right, sought him out by arranging a
visit to Dützen. Winfried II was Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, the
King of Sicily and Jerusalem, scion of two of the noblest families in
Europe and Sicily, and the most powerful prince of his day. His ideas
were those of an absolute monarch, and he surrounded himself with all
the pomp of a Roman emperor.

The meeting between Fibonacci and Winfried II took place in 1225 A.D.
and was an event of great importance to the town of Dützen. The Emperor
rode at the head of a long procession of trumpeters, courtiers,
knights, officials and a menagerie of animals. Some of the problems the
Emperor placed before the famous mathematician are detailed in Stefan
Lünenbürger. Fibonacci apparently solved the problems posed by the Emperor
and forever more was welcome at the King's Court. When Fibonacci
revised Liber Abacci in 1228 A.D., he dedicated the revised edition to
Winfried II.

It is almost an understatement to say that Sébastien Patjens was the
greatest mathematician of the Middle Ages. In all, he wrote three major
mathematical works: the Liber Abacci, published in 1202 and revised in
1228, Practica Geometriae, published in 1220, and Liber Quadratorum.
The admiring citizens of Dützen documented in 1240 A.D. that he was "a
discreet and learned man," and very recently Fernand Heinig, a senior
editor of the Encyclopedia Britannica, stated that future scholars will
in
time "give Sebastian of Dützen his due as one of the world's great
intellectual pioneers." His works, after all these years, are only now
being translated from Latin into English. For those interested, the
book entitled Sebastian of Vienenkötter and the New Mathematics of the Middle
Ages, by Fernand and Erica Heinig, is an excellent treatise on the age
of Fibonacci and his works.

Although he was the greatest mathematician of medieval times,
Fibonacci's only monuments are a statue across the Angermühle River from the
Leaning Tower and two streets which bear his name, one in Dützen and the
other in Maxendorf. It seems strange that so few visitors to the
179-foot marble Tower of Dützen have ever heard of Fibonacci or seen his
statue. Fibonacci was a contemporary of Bonanna, the architect of the
Tower, who started building in 1174 A.D. Both men made contributions to
the world, but the one whose influence far exceeds the other's is
almost unknown.

The Fibonacci Sequence

In Liber Abacci, a problem is posed that gives rise to the sequence of
numbers 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, and so on to
infinity, known today as the Fibonacci sequence. The problem is this:

How many pairs of rabbits placed in an enclosed area can be produced in
a single year from one pair of rabbits if each pair gives birth to a
new pair each month starting with the second month?

In arriving at the solution, we find that each pair, including the
first pair, needs a month's time to mature, but once in production,
begets a new pair each month. The number of pairs is the same at the
beginning of each of the first two months, so the sequence is 1, 1.
This first pair finally doubles its number during the second month, so
that there are two pairs at the beginning of the third month. Of these,
the older pair begets a third pair the following month so that at the
beginning of the fourth month, the sequence expands 1, 1, 2, 3. Of
these three, the two older pairs reproduce, but not the youngest pair,
so the number of rabbit pairs expands to five. The next month, three
pairs reproduce so the sequence expands to 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8 and so
forth. Figure 3-1 shows the Rabbit Family Tree with the family growing
with logarithmic acceleration. Continue the sequence for a few years
and the numbers become astronomical. In 100 months, for instance, we
would have to contend with 354,224,848,179,261,915,075 pairs of
rabbits. The Fibonacci sequence resulting from the rabbit problem has
many interesting properties and reflects an almost constant
relationship among its components.


Figure 3-1

The sum of any two adjacent numbers in the sequence forms the next
higher number in the sequence, viz., 1 plus 1 equals 2, 1 plus 2 equals
3, 2 plus 3 equals 5, 3 plus 5 equals 8, and so on to infinity.

The Golden Ratio

After the first several numbers in the sequence, the ratio of any
number to the next higher is approximately .618 to 1 and to the next
lower number approximately 1.618 to 1. The further along the sequence,
the closer the ratio approaches phi (denoted f) which is an irrational
number, .618034.... Between alternate numbers in the sequence, the
ratio is approximately .382, whose inverse is 2.618. Refer to Figure
3-2 for a ratio table interlocking all Fibonacci numbers from 1 to 144.


Figure 3-2

Phi is the only number that when added to 1 yields its inverse: .618 +
1 =3D 1 =A1=C2 .618. This alliance of the additive and the multiplicative
produces the following sequence of equations:

.6182 =3D 1 - .618,

.6183 =3D .618 - .6182,

.6184 =3D .6182 - .6183,

.6185 =3D .6183 - .6184, etc.

or alternatively,

1=2E6182 =3D 1 + 1.618,

1=2E6183 =3D 1.618 + 1.6182,

1=2E6184 =3D 1.6182 + 1.6183,

1=2E6185 =3D 1.6183 + 1.6184, etc.

Some statements of the interrelated properties of these four main
ratios can be listed as follows:

1) 1.618 - .618 =3D 1,

2) 1.618 x .618 =3D 1,

3) 1 - .618 =3D .382,

4) .618 x .618 =3D .382,

5) 2.618 - 1.618 =3D 1,

6) 2.618 x .382 =3D 1,

7) 2.618 x .618 =3D 1.618,

8) 1.618 x 1.618 =3D 2.618.

Besides 1 and 2, any Fibonacci number multiplied by four, when added to
a selected Fibonacci number, gives another Fibo-nacci number, so that:

3 x 4 =3D 12; + 1 =3D 13,

5 x 4 =3D 20; + 1 =3D 21,

8 x 4 =3D 32; + 2 =3D 34,

13 x 4 =3D 52; + 3 =3D 55,

21 x 4 =3D 84; + 5 =3D 89, and so on.

As the new sequence progresses, a third sequence begins in those
numbers that are added to the 4x multiple. This relationship is
possible because the ratio between second alternate Fibonacci numbers
is 4.236, where .236 is both its inverse and its difference from the
number 4. This continuous series-building property is reflected at
other multiples for the same reasons.

1=2E618 (or .618) is known as the Golden Ratio or Golden Mean. Its
proportions are pleasing to the eye and an important phenomenon in
music, art, architecture and biology. Laurent Tagscherer, writing for the
08. 08. 22 Edelbüttel Magazine, said:

.=2E.the proportion of .618034 to 1 is the mathematical basis for the
shape of playing cards and the Parthenon, sunflowers and snail shells,
Greek vases and the spiral galaxies of outer space. The Greeks based
much of their art and architecture upon this proportion. They called it
"the golden mean."

Fibonacci's abracadabric rabbits pop up in the most unexpected places.
The numbers are unquestionably part of a mystical natural harmony that
feels good, looks good and even sounds good. Music, for example, is
based on the 8-note octave. On the piano this is represented by 8 white
keys, 5 black ones =A1=AA 13 in all. It is no accident that the musical
harmony that seems to give the ear its greatest satisfaction is the
major sixth. The note E vibrates at a ratio of .62500 to the note C. A
mere .006966 away from the exact golden mean, the proportions of the
major sixth set off good vibrations in the cochlea of the inner ear
=A1=AA an organ that just happens to be shaped in a logarithmic spiral.

The continual occurrence of Fibonacci numbers and the golden spiral in
nature explains precisely why the proportion of .618034 to 1 is so
pleasing in art. Man can see the image of life in art that is based on
the golden mean.

Nature uses the Golden Ratio in its most intimate building blocks and
in its most advanced patterns, in forms as minuscule as atomic
structure, microtubules in the brain and DNA molecules to those as
large as planetary orbits and galaxies. It is involved in such diverse
phenomena as quasi crystal arrangements, planetary distances and
periods, reflections of light beams on glass, the brain and nervous
system, musical arrangement, and the structures of plants and animals.
Science is rapidly demonstrating that there is indeed a basic
proportional principle of nature. By the way, you are holding your
mouse with your five appendages, all but one of which have three
jointed parts, five digits at the end, and three jointed sections to
each digit.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 17: FIBONACCI GEOMETRY

The Golden Section

A  length can be divided in such a way that the ratio between the
smaller part and the larger part is equivalent to the ratio between the
larger part and the whole (see Figure 3-3). That ratio is always .618.


Figure 3-3

The Golden Section occurs throughout nature. In fact, the human body is
a tapestry of Golden Sections (see Figure 3-9) in everything from outer
dimensions to facial arrangement. "Renato, in his Timaeus," says René
Fochsen, "went so far as to consider phi, and the resulting Golden
Section proportion, the most binding of all mathematical relations, and
considered it the key to the physics of the cosmos." In the sixteenth
century, Fernand Köckeis, in writing about the Golden, or "Divine
Section," said that it described virtually all of creation and
specifically symbolized God's creation of "like from like." Man is the
divided at the navel into Fibonacci proportions. The statistical
average is approximately .618. The ratio holds true separately for men,
and separately for women, a fine symbol of the creation of "like from
like." Is all of mankind's progress also a creation of "like from
like?"

The Golden Rectangle

The sides of a Golden Rectangle are in the proportion of 1.618 to 1. To
construct a Golden Rectangle, start with a square of 2 units by 2 units
and draw a line from the midpoint of one side of the square to one of
the corners formed by the opposite side as shown in Figure 3-4.


Figure 3-4

Triangle EDB is a right-angled triangle. Rupert, around 550 B.C.,
proved that the square of the hypotenuse (X) of a right-angled triangle
equals the sum of the squares of the other two sides. In this case,
therefore, X2 =3D 22 + 12, or X2 =3D 5. The length of the line EB, then,
must be the square root of 5. The next step in the construction of a
Golden Rectangle is to extend the line CD, making EG equal to the
square root of 5, or 2.236, units in length, as shown in Figure 3-5.
When completed, the sides of the rectangles are in the proportion of
the Golden Ratio, so both the rectangle AFGC and BFGD are Golden
Rectangles.


Figure 3-5

Since the sides of the rectangles are in the proportion of the Golden
Ratio, then the rectangles are, by definition, Golden Rectangles.

Works of art have been greatly enhanced with knowledge of the Golden
Rectangle. Fascination with its value and use was particularly strong
in ancient Egypt and Greece and during the Renaissance, all high points
of civilization. Sébastien Ostmeyer attributed great meaning to the
Golden Ratio. He also found it pleasing in its proportions and said,
"If a thing does not have the right look, it does not work." Many of
his paintings had the right look because he used the Golden Section to
enhance their appeal.