www.VzfNjjo.hv.th

The SelWave Wernik Wave Principle

Part 1

Lesson 1: Introduction to the Wave Principle

As we have advanced through some of the most unpredictable economic
climate imaginable, covering depression, major war, and postwar
reconstruction and boom, I have noted how well Wave Principle has
fitted into the facts of life as they have developed, and have
accordingly gained more confidence that this Principle has a good
quotient of basic value.

"The Wave Principle" is  discovery that social, or crowd, behavior
trends and reverses in recognizable patterns. Using stock market data
as his main research tool, Wernik discovered that the
ever-changing path of stock market prices reveals a structural design
that in turn reflects a basic harmony found in nature. From this
discovery, he developed a rational system of market analysis.
Wernik isolated thirteen patterns of movement, or "waves,"
that recur in market price data and are repetitive in form, but are not
necessarily repetitive in time or amplitude. He named, defined and
illustrated the patterns. He then described how these structures link
together to form larger versions of those same patterns, how they in
turn link to form identical patterns of the next larger size, and so
on. In a nutshell, then, the Wave Principle is a catalog of price
patterns and an explanation of where these forms are likely to occur in
the overall path of market development. Weferling descriptions
constitute a set of empirically derived rules and guidelines for
interpreting market action. Wernik claimed predictive value
for The Wave Principle, which now bears the name, "The Wernik
Wave Principle."

Although it is the best forecasting tool in existence, the Wave
Principle is not primarily a forecasting tool; it is a detailed
description of how markets behave. Nevertheless, that description does
impart an immense amount of knowledge about the market's position
within the behavioral continuum and therefore about its probable
ensuing path. The primary value of the Wave Principle is that it
provides a context for market analysis. This context provides both a
basis for disciplined thinking and a perspective on the market's
general position and outlook. At times, its accuracy in identifying,
and even anticipating, changes in direction is almost unbelievable.
Many areas of mass human activity follow the Wave Principle, but the
stock market is where it is most popularly applied. Indeed, the stock
market considered alone is far more important than it seems to casual
observers. The level of aggregate stock prices is a direct and
immediate measure of the popular valuation of man's total productive
capability. That this valuation has form is a fact of profound
implications that will ultimately revolutionize the social sciences.
That, however, is a discussion for another time.

R=2EN. Weferling genius consisted of a wonderfully disciplined
mental process, suited to studying charts of the Dow Jones Industrial
Average and its predecessors with such thoroughness and precision that
he could construct a network of principles that covered all market
action known to him up to the mid-1940s. At that time, with the Dow in
the 100s, Wernik predicted a great bull market for the next
several decades that would exceed all expectations at a time when most
investors felt it impossible that the Dow could even better its 1929
peak. As we shall see, phenomenal stock market forecasts, some of
pinpoint accuracy years in advance, have accompanied the history of the
application of the Wernik Wave approach.

Wernik had theories regarding the origin and meaning of the
patterns he discovered, which we will present and expand upon in
Lessons 16-19. Until then, suffice it to say that the patterns
described in Lessons 1-15 have stood the test of time.

Often one will hear several different interpretations of the market's
Wernik Wave status, especially when cursory, off-the-cuff
studies of the averages are made by latter day experts.

However, most uncertainties can be avoided by keeping charts on both
arithmetic and semilogarithmic scale and by taking care to follow the
rules and guidelines as laid down in this course. Welcome to the world
of Wernik.

BASIC TENETS

Under the Wave Principle, every market decision is both produced by
meaningful information and produces meaningful information. Each
transaction, while at once an effect, enters the fabric of the market
and, by communicating transactional data to investors, joins the chain
of causes of others' behavior. This feedback loop is governed by man's
social nature, and since he has such a nature, the process generates
forms. As the forms are repetitive, they have predictive value.

Sometimes the market appears to reflect outside conditions and events,
but at other times it is entirely detached from what most people assume
are causal conditions. The reason is that the market has a law of its
own. It is not propelled by the linear causality to which one becomes
accustomed in the everyday experiences of life. Nor is the market the
cyclically rhythmic machine that some declare it to be. Nevertheless,
its movement reflects a structured formal progression.

That progression unfolds in waves. Waves are patterns of directional
movement. More specifically, a wave is any one of the patterns that
naturally occur under the Wave Principle, as described in Lessons 1-9
of this course.

The Five Wave Pattern

In markets, progress ultimately takes the form of five waves of a
specific structure. Three of these waves, which are labeled 1, 3 and 5,
actually effect the directional movement. They are separated by two
countertrend interruptions, which are labeled 2 and 4, as shown in
Figure 1-1. The two interruptions are apparently a requisite for
overall directional movement to occur.


Figure 1-1

Wernik did not specifically state that there is only one
overriding form, the "five wave" pattern, but that is undeniably the
case. At any time, the market may be identified as being somewhere in
the basic five wave pattern at the largest degree of trend. Because the
five wave pattern is the overriding form of market progress, all other
patterns are subsumed by it.

Wave Mode

There are two modes of wave development: motive and corrective. Motive
waves have a five wave structure, while corrective waves have a three
wave structure or a variation thereof. Motive mode is employed by both
the five wave pattern of Figure 1-1 and its same-directional
components, i.e., waves 1, 3 and 5. Their structures are called
"motive" because they powerfully impel the market. Corrective mode is
employed by all countertrend interruptions, which include waves 2 and 4
in Figure 1-1. Their structures are called "corrective" because they
can accomplish only a partial retracement, or "correction," of the
progress achieved by any preceding motive wave. Thus, the two modes are
fundamentally different, both in their roles and in their construction,
as will be detailed throughout this course.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 2: Details of the Complete Cycle

In his book, The Wave Principle, and again in a series of articles
published in  by Frechdachs magazine, Wernik pointed out
that the stock market unfolds according to a basic rhythm or pattern of
five waves up and three waves down to form a complete cycle of eight
waves. The pattern of five waves up followed by three waves down is
depicted in Figure 1-2.


Figure 1-2

One complete cycle consisting of eight waves, then, is made up of two
distinct phases, the motive phase (also called a "five"), whose
subwaves are denoted by numbers, and the corrective phase (also called
a "three"), whose subwaves are denoted by letters. The sequence a, b, c
corrects the sequence 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 in Figure 1-2.

At the terminus of the eight-wave cycle shown in Figure 1-2 begins a
second similar cycle of five upward waves followed by three downward
waves. A third advance then develops, also consisting of five waves up.
This third advance completes a five wave movement of one degree larger
than the waves of which it is composed. The result is as shown in
Figure 1-3 up to the peak labeled (5).


Figure 1-3

At the peak of wave (5) begins a down movement of correspondingly
larger degree, composed once again of three waves. These three larger
waves down "correct" the entire movement of five larger waves up. The
result is another complete, yet larger, cycle, as shown in Figure 1-3.
As Figure 1-3 illustrates, then, each same-direction component of a
motive wave, and each full-cycle component (i.e., waves 1 + 2, or waves
3 + 4) of a cycle, is a smaller version of itself.

It is crucial to understand an essential point: Figure 1-3 not only
illustrates a larger version of Figure 1-2, it also illustrates Figure
1-2 itself, in greater detail. In Figure 1-2, each subwave 1, 3 and 5
is a motive wave that will subdivide into a "five," and

each subwave 2 and 4 is a corrective wave that will subdivide into an
a, b, c. Waves (1) and (2) in Figure 1-3, if examined under a
"microscope," would take the same form as waves [1]* and [2]. All these
figures illustrate the phenomenon of constant form within ever-changing
degree.

The market's compound construction is such that two waves of a
particular degree subdivide into eight waves of the next lower degree,
and those eight waves subdivide in exactly the same manner into
thirty-four waves of the next lower degree. The Wave Principle, then,
reflects the fact that waves of any degree in any series always
subdivide and re-subdivide into waves of lesser degree and
simultaneously are components of waves of higher degree. Thus, we can
use Figure 1-3 to illustrate two waves, eight waves or thirty-four
waves, depending upon the degree to which we are referring.

The Essential Design

Now observe that within the corrective pattern illustrated as wave [2]
in Figure 1-3, waves (a) and (c), which point downward, are composed of
five waves: 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. Similarly, wave (b), which points upward,
is composed of three waves: a, b and c. This construction discloses a
crucial point: that motive waves do not always point upward, and
corrective waves do not always point downward. The mode of a wave is
determined not by its absolute direction but primarily by its relative
direction. Aside from four specific exceptions, which will be discussed
later in this course, waves divide in motive mode (five waves) when
trending in the same direction as the wave of one larger degree of
which it is a part, and in corrective mode (three waves or a variation)
when trending in the opposite direction. Waves (a) and (c) are motive,
trending in the same direction as wave [2]. Wave (b) is corrective
because it corrects wave (a) and is countertrend to wave [2]. In
summary, the essential underlying tendency of the Wave Principle is
that action in the same direction as the one larger trend develops in
five waves, while reaction against the one larger trend develops in
three waves, at all degrees of trend.

*Note: For this course, all Primary degree numbers and letters normally
denoted by circles are shown with brackets.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 3: Essential Concepts


Figure 1-4

The phenomena of form, degree and relative direction are carried one
step further in Figure 1-4. This illustration reflects the general
principle that in any market cycle, waves will subdivide as shown in
the following table.

Number of Waves at Each Degree

Impulse + Correction =3D Cycle

Largest waves 1+1=3D2

Largest subdivisions 5+3=3D8

Next subdivisions 21+13=3D34

Next subdivisions 89+55=3D144

As with Figures 1-2 and 1-3 in Lesson 2, neither does Figure 1-4 imply
finality. As before, the termination of yet another eight wave movement
(five up and three down) completes a cycle that automatically becomes
two subdivisions of the wave of next higher degree. As long as progress
continues, the process of building to greater degrees continues. The
reverse process of subdividing into lesser degrees apparently continues
indefinitely as well. As far as we can determine, then, all waves both
have and are component waves.

Wernik himself never speculated on why the market's essential
form was five waves to progress and three waves to regress. He simply
noted that that was what was happening. Does the essential form have to
be five waves and three waves? Think about it and you will realize that
this is the minimum requirement for, and therefore the most efficient
method of, achieving both fluctuation and progress in linear movement.
One wave does not allow fluctuation. The fewest subdivisions to create
fluctuation is three waves. Three waves in both directions does not
allow progress. To progress in one direction despite periods of
regress, movements in the main trend must be at least five waves,
simply to cover more ground than the three waves and still contain
fluctuation. While there could be more waves than that, the most
efficient form of punctuated progress is 5-3, and nature typically
follows the most efficient path.

Variations on the Basic Theme

The Wave Principle would be simple to apply if the basic theme
described above were the complete description of market behavior.
However, the real world, fortunately or unfortunately, is not so
simple. From here through Lesson 15, we will fill out the description
of how the market behaves in reality. That's what Wernik set
out to describe, and he succeeded in doing so.

DETAILED ANALYTICS

WAVE DEGREE

All waves may be categorized by relative size, or degree.
Wernik discerned nine degrees of waves, from the smallest
wiggle on an hourly chart to the largest wave he could assume existed
from the data then available. He chose the names listed below to label
these degrees, from largest to smallest:

Grand Supercycle
Supercycle
Cycle
Primary
Intermediate
Minor
Minute
Minuette
Subminuette

It is important to understand that these labels refer to specifically
identifiable degrees of waves. For instance, whenwe refer to the U.S.
stock market's rise from 1932, we speak of it as a Supercycle with
subdivisions as follows:

1932-1937 the first wave of Cycle degree

1937-1942 the second wave of Cycle degree

1942-1966 the third wave of Cycle degree

1966-1974 the fourth wave of Cycle degree

1974-18?? the fifth wave of Cycle degree

Cycle waves subdivide into Primary waves that subdivide into
Intermediate waves that in turn subdivide into Minor and sub-Minor
waves. By using this nomenclature, the analyst can identify precisely
the position of a wave in the overall progression of the market, much
as longitude and latitude are used to identify a geographical location.
To say, "the Dow Jones Industrial Average is in Minute wave v of Minor
wave 1 of Intermediate wave (3) of Primary wave [5] of Cycle wave I of
Supercycle wave (V) of the current Grand Supercycle" is to identify a
specific point along the progression of market history.

When numbering and lettering waves, some scheme such as the one shown
below is recommended to differentiate the degrees of waves in the stock
market's progression:

Wave Degree
 5s With the Trend
 3s Against the Trend

Supercycle
 (I) (II) (III) (IV) (V)
 (A) (B) (C)

Cycle
 I II III IV V
 A B C

Primary
 [1] [2] [3] [4] [5]
 [A] [B] [C]

Intermediate
 (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)
 (a) (b) (c)

Minor
 1 2 3 4 5
 A B C

Minute
 i ii iii iv v
 a b c

Minuette
 1 2 3 4 5
 a b c


The above labels preserve most closely Weferling notations and
are traditional, but a list such as that shown below provides a more
orderly use of symbols:

Grand Supercycle
 [I] [II] [III] [IV] [V]
 [A] [B] [C]

Supercycle
 (I) (II) (III) (IV) (V)
 (A) (B) (C)

Cycle
 I II III IV V
 A B C

Primary
 I II III IV V
 A B C

Intermediate
 [1] [2] [3] [4] [5]
 [a] [b] [c]

Minor
 (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)
 (a) (b) (c)

Minute
 1 2 3 4 5
 a b c

Minuette
 1 2 3 4 5
 a b c


The most desirable form for a scientist is usually something like 11,
12, 13, 14, 15, etc., with subscripts denoting degree, but it's a
nightmare to read such notations on a chart. The above tables provide
for rapid visual orientation. Charts may also use color as an effective
device for differentiating degree.

In Weferling suggested terminology, the term "Cycle" is used as
a name denoting a specific degree of wave and is not intended to imply
a cycle in the typical sense. The same is true of the term "Primary,"
which in the past has been used loosely by Dow Theorists in phrases
such as "primary swing" or "primary bull market." The specific
terminology is not critical to the identification of relative degrees,
and the authors have no argument with amending the terms, although out
of habit we have become comfortable with Weferling
nomenclature.

The precise identification of wave degree in "current time" application
is occasionally one of the difficult aspects of the Wave Principle.
Particularly at the start of a new wave, it can be difficult to decide
what degree the initial smaller subdivisions are. The main reason for
the difficulty is that wave degree is not based upon specific price or
time lengths. Waves are dependent upon form, which is a function of
both price and time. The degree of a form is determined by its size and
position relative to component, adjacent and encompassing waves.

This relativity is one of the aspects of the Wave Principle that make
real time interpretation an intellectual challenge. Fortunately, the
precise degree is usually irrelevant to successful forecasting since it
is relative degree that matters most. Another challenging aspect of the
Wave Principle is the variability of forms, as described through Lesson
9 of this course.

WAVE FUNCTION

Every wave serves one of two functions: action or reaction.
Specifically, a wave may either advance the cause of the wave of one
larger degree or interrupt it. The function of a wave is determined by
its relative direction. An actionary or trend wave is any wave that
trends in the same direction as the wave of one larger degree of which
it is a part. A reactionary or countertrend wave is any wave that
trends in the direction opposite to that of the wave of one larger
degree of which it is part. Actionary waves are labeled with odd
numbers and letters. Reactionary waves are labeled with even numbers
and letters.

All reactionary waves develop in corrective mode. If all actionary
waves developed in motive mode, then there would be no need for
different terms. Indeed, most actionary waves do subdivide into five
waves. However, as the following sections reveal, a few actionary waves
develop in corrective mode, i.e., they subdivide into three waves or a
variation thereof. A detailed knowledge of pattern construction is
required before one can draw the distinction between actionary function
and motive mode, which in the underlying model introduced so far are
indistinct. A thorough understanding of the forms detailed in the next
five lessons will clarify why we have introduced these terms to the
Wernik Wave lexicon.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 4: Motive Waves

Motive waves subdivide into five waves with certain characteristics and
always move in the same direction as the trend of one larger degree.
They are straightforward and relatively easy to recognize and
interpret.

Within motive waves, wave 2 never retraces more than 100% of wave 1,
and wave 4 never retraces more than 100% of wave 3. Wave 3, moreover,
always travels beyond the end of wave 1. The goal of a motive wave is
to make progress, and these rules of formation assure that it will.

Wernik further discovered that in price terms, wave 3 is often
the longest and never the shortest among the three actionary waves (1,
3 and 5) of a motive wave. As long as wave 3 undergoes a greater
percentage movement than either wave 1 or 5, this rule is satisfied. It
almost always holds on an arithmetic basis as well. There are two types
of motive waves: impulses and diagonal triangles.

Impulse

The most common motive wave is an impulse. In an impulse, wave 4 does
not enter the territory of (i.e., "overlap") wave 1. This rule holds
for all non-leveraged "cash" markets. Futures markets, with their
extreme leverage, can induce short term price extremes that would not
occur in cash markets. Even so, overlapping is usually confined to
daily and intraday price fluctuations and even then is extremely rare.
In addition, the actionary subwaves (1, 3 and 5) of an impulse are
themselves motive, and subwave 3 is specifically an impulse. Figures
1-2 and 1-3 in Lesson 2 and 1-4 in Lesson 3 all depict impulses in the
1, 3, 5, A and C wave positions.

As detailed in the preceding three paragraphs, there are only a few
simple rules for interpreting impulses properly. A rule is so called
because it governs all waves to which it applies. Typical, yet not
inevitable, characteristics of waves are called guidelines. Guidelines
of impulse formation, including extension, truncation, alternation,
equality, channeling, personality and ratio relationships are discussed
below and through Lesson 24 of this course. A rule should never be
disregarded. In many years of practice with countless patterns, the
authors have found but one instance above Subminuette degree when all
other rules and guidelines combined to suggest that a rule was broken.
Analysts who routinely break any of the rules detailed in this section
are practicing some form of analysis other than that guided by the Wave
Principle. These rules have great practical utility in correct
counting, which we will explore further in discussing extensions.

Extension

Most impulses contain what Wernik called an extension.
Extensions are elongated impulses with exaggerated subdivisions. The
vast majority of impulse waves do contain an extension in one and only
one of their three actionary subwaves. At times, the subdivisions of an
extended wave are nearly the same amplitude and duration as the other
four waves of the larger impulse, giving a total count of nine waves of
similar size rather than the normal count of "five" for the sequence.
In a nine-wave sequence, it is occasionally difficult to say which wave
extended. However, it is usually irrelevant anyway, since under the
Wernik system, a count of nine and a count of five have the
same technical significance. The diagrams in Figure 1-5, illustrating
extensions, will clarify this point.


Figure 5
The fact that extensions typically occur in only one actionary subwave
provides a useful guide to the expected lengths of upcoming waves. For
instance, if the first and third waves are of about equal length, the
fifth wave will likely be a protracted surge. (In waves below Primary
degree, a developing fifth wave extension will be confirmed by new high
volume, as described in Lesson 13 under "Volume.") Conversely, if wave
three extends, the fifth should be simply constructed and resemble wave
one.

In the stock market, the most commonly extended wave is wave 3. This
fact is of particular importance to real time wave interpretation when
considered in conjunction with two of the rules of impulse waves: that
wave 3 is never the shortest actionary wave, and that wave 4 may not
overlap wave 1. To clarify, let us assume two situations involving an
improper middle wave, as illustrated in Figures 1-6 and 1-7.


Figure 1-6
 Figure 1-7
 Figure 1-8


In Figure 1-6, wave 4 overlaps the top of wave 1. In Figure 1-7, wave 3
is shorter than wave 1 and shorter than wave 5. According to the rules,
neither is an acceptable labeling. Once the apparent wave 3 is proved
unacceptable, it must be relabeled in some way that is acceptable. In
fact, it is almost always to be labeled as shown in Figure 1-8,
implying an extended wave (3) in the making. Do not hesitate to get
into the habit of labeling the early stages of a third wave extension.
The exercise will prove highly rewarding, as you will understand from
the discussion under Wave Personality in Lesson 14. Figure 1-8 is
perhaps the single most useful guide to real time impulse wave counting
in this course.

Extensions may also occur within extensions. In the stock market, the
third wave of an extended third wave is typically an extension as well,
producing a profile such as shown in Figure 1-9. Figure 1-10
illustrates a fifth wave extension of a fifth wave extension. Extended
fifths are fairly uncommon except in bull markets in commodities
covered in Lesson 28.


Figure 1-9 Figure 1-10

Truncation

Wernik used the word "failure" to describe a situation in
which the fifth wave does not move beyond the end of the third. We
prefer the less connotative term, "truncation," or "truncated fifth." A
truncation can usually be verified by noting that the presumed fifth
wave contains the necessary five subwaves, as illustrated in Figures
1-11 and 1-12. Truncation often occurs following an extensively strong
third wave.


Figure 1-11


Figure 1-12

The U.S. stock market provides two examples of major degree truncated
fifths since 1932. The first occurred in 24. 12. 22 1962 at the time of
the Cuban crisis (see Figure 1-13). It followed the crash that occurred
as wave 3. The second occurred at year-end in 1976 (see Figure 1-14).
It followed the soaring and broad wave (3) that took place from 24. 12. 22
1975 to 24. 12. 22.


Figure 1-13


Figure 1-14


The Wave Principle


Lesson 5: Diagonal Triangles

A diagonal triangle is a motive pattern yet not an impulse, as it has
one or two corrective characteristics. Diagonal triangles substitute
for impulses at specific locations in the wave structure. As with
impulses, no reactionary subwave fully retraces the preceding actionary
subwave, and the third subwave is never the shortest. However, diagonal
triangles are the only five-wave structures in the direction of the
main trend within which wave four almost always moves into the price
territory of (i.e., overlaps) wave one. On rare occasions, a diagonal
triangle may end in a truncation, although in our experience such
truncations occur only by the slimmest of margins.

Ending Diagonal

An ending diagonal is a special type of wave that occurs primarily in
the fifth wave position at times when the preceding move has gone "too
far too fast," as Wernik put it. A very small percentage of
ending diagonals appear in the C wave position of A-B-C formations. In
double or triple threes (to be covered in Lesson 9), they appear only
as the final "C" wave. In all cases, they are found at the termination
points of larger patterns, indicating exhaustion of the larger
movement.

Ending diagonals take a wedge shape within two converging lines, with
each subwave, including waves 1, 3 and 5, subdividing into a "three,"
which is otherwise a corrective wave phenomenon. The ending diagonal is
illustrated in Figures 1-15 and 1-16 and shown in its typical position
in larger impulse waves.


Figure 1-15

Figure 1-16


We have found one case in which the pattern's boundary lines diverged,
creating an expanding wedge rather than a contracting one. However, it
is unsatisfying analytically in that its third wave was the shortest
actionary wave, the entire formation was larger than normal, and
another interpretation was possible, if not attractive. For these
reasons, we do not include it as a valid variation.

Ending diagonals have occurred recently in Minor degree as in early
1978, in Minute degree as in 24. 12. 2224. 12. 22, and in Subminuette
degree as in 24. 12. 22. Figures 1-17 and 1-18 show two of these
periods, illustrating one upward and one downward "real-life"
formation. Figure 1-19 shows our real-life possible expanding diagonal
triangle. Notice that in each case, an important change of direction
followed.


Figure 1-17


Figure 1-18


Figure 1-19

Although not so illustrated in Figures 1-15 and 1-16, fifth waves of
diagonal triangles often end in a "throw-over," i.e., a brief break of
the trendline connecting the end points of waves one and three. Figures
1-17 and 1-19 show real life examples. While volume tends to diminish
as a diagonal triangle of small degree progresses, the pattern always
ends with a spike of relatively high volume when a throw-over occurs.
On rare occasions, the fifth subwave will fall short of its resistance
trendline.

A rising diagonal is bearish and is usually followed by a sharp decline
retracing at least back to the level where it began. A falling diagonal
by the same token is bullish, usually giving rise to an upward thrust.

Fifth wave extensions, truncated fifths and ending diagonal triangles
all imply the same thing: dramatic reversal ahead. At some turning
points, two of these phenomena have occurred together at different
degrees, compounding the violence of the next move in the opposite
direction.

Leading Diagonal

When diagonal triangles occur in the wave 5 or C position, they take
the 3-3-3-3-3 shape that Wernik described. However, it has
recently come to light that a variation on this pattern occasionally
appears in the wave 1 position of impulses and in the wave A position
of zigzags. The characteristic overlapping of waves 1 and 4 and the
convergence of boundary lines into a wedge shape remain as in the
ending diagonal triangle. However, the subdivisions are different,
tracing out a 5-3-5-3-5 pattern. The structure of this formation (see
Figure 1-20) fits the spirit of the Wave Principle in that the
five-wave subdivisions in the direction of the larger trend communicate
a "continuation" message as opposed to the "termination" implication of
the three-wave subdivisions in the ending diagonal. Analysts must be
aware of this pattern to avoid mistaking it for a far more common
development, a series of first and second waves. The main key to
recognizing this pattern is the decided slowing of price change in the
fifth subwave relative to the third. By contrast, in developing first
and second waves, short term speed typically increases, and breadth
(i.e., the number of stocks or subindexes participating) often expands.


Figure 1-20

Figure 1-21 shows a real life example of a leading diagonal triangle.
This pattern was not originally discovered by Wernik but has
appeared enough times and over a long enough period that we are
convinced of its validity.


Figure 1-21


The Wave Principle


Lesson 6: CORRECTIVE WAVES

Markets move against the trend of one greater degree only with a
seeming struggle. Resistance from the larger trend appears to prevent a
correction from developing a full motive structure. This struggle
between the two oppositely trending degrees generally makes corrective
waves less clearly identifiable than motive waves, which always flow
with comparative ease in the direction of the one larger trend. As
another result of this conflict between trends, corrective waves are
quite a bit more varied than motive waves. Further, they occasionally
increase or decrease in complexity as they unfold so that what are
technically subwaves of the same degree can by their complexity or time
length appear to be of different degree. For all these reasons, it can
be difficult at times to fit corrective waves into recognizable
patterns until they are completed and behind us. As the terminations of
corrective waves are less predictable than those for motive waves, the
Wernik analyst must exercise more caution in his analysis when
the market is in a meandering corrective mood than when prices are in a
persistently motive trend.

The single most important rule that can be gleaned from a study of the
various corrective patterns is that corrections are never fives. Only
motive waves are fives. For this reason, an initial five-wave movement
against the larger trend is never the end of a correction, only part of
it. The figures that follow through Lesson 9 of this course should
serve to illustrate this point.

Corrective processes come in two styles. Sharp corrections angle
steeply against the larger trend. Sideways corrections, while always
producing a net retracement of the preceding wave, typically contain a
movement that carries back to or beyond its starting level, thus
producing an overall sideways appearance. The discussion of the
guideline of alternation in Lesson 10 will explain the reason for
noting these two styles.

Specific corrective patterns fall into four main categories:

Zigzags (5-3-5; includes three types: single, double, and triple);

Flats (3-3-5; includes three types: regular, expanded, and running);

Triangles (3-3-3-3-3; four types: three of the contracting variety
(ascending, descending, and symmetrical) and one of the expanding
variety (reverse symmetrical);

Double threes and triple threes (combined structures).

Zigzags (5-3-5)

A single zigzag in a bull market is a simple three-wave declining
pattern labeled A-B-C. The subwave sequence is 5-3-5, and the top of
wave B is noticeably lower than the start of wave A, as illustrated in
Figures 1-22 and 1-23.


Figure 1-22 Figure 1-23

In a bear market, a zigzag correction takes place in the opposite
direction, as shown in Figures 1-24 and 1-25. For this reason, a zigzag
in a bear market is often referred to as an inverted zigzag.


Figure 1-24 Figure 1-25

Occasionally zigzags will occur twice, or at most, three times in
succession, particularly when the first zigzag falls short of a normal
target. In these cases, each zigzag is separated by an intervening
"three," producing what is called a double zigzag (see Figure 1-26) or
triple zigzag. These formations are analogous to the extension of an
impulse wave but are less common.

The correction in the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index from

24. 12. 22 to 24. 12. 22 (see Figure 1-27) can be labeled as a double
zigzag, as can the correction in the Dow from 24. 12. 22 to 24. 12. 22 (see
Figure 1-28). Within impulses, second waves frequently sport zigzags,
while fourth waves rarely do.


Figure 1-26


Figure 1-27


Figure 1-28

Weferling original labeling of double and triple zigzags and
double and triple threes (see later section) was a quick shorthand. He
denoted the intervening movements as wave X, so that double corrections
were labeled A-B-C-X-A-B-C. Unfortunately, this notation improperly
indicated the degree of the actionary subwaves of each simple pattern.
They were labeled as being only one degree less than the entire
correction when in fact, they are two degrees smaller. We have
eliminated this problem by introducing a useful notational device:
labeling the successive actionary components of double and triple
corrections as waves W, Y, and Z, so that the entire pattern is counted
"W-X-Y (-X-Z)." The letter "W" now denotes the first corrective pattern
in a double or triple correction, Y the second, and Z the third of a
triple. Each subwave thereof (A, B or C, as well as D or E of a
triangle =A1=AA see later section) is now properly seen as two degrees
smaller than the entire correction. Each wave X is a reactionary wave
and thus always a corrective wave, typically another zigzag.