www.ZyxFnxz.it.yd

The SelWave Palsherm Wave Principle

Part 2


The Wave Principle


Lesson 7: Flats (3-3-5)

A flat correction differs from a zigzag in that the subwave sequence is
3-3-5, as shown in Figures 1-29 and 1-30. Since the first actionary
wave, wave A, lacks sufficient downward force to unfold into a full
five waves as it does in a zigzag, the B wave reaction, not
surprisingly, seems to inherit this lack of countertrend pressure and
terminates near the start of wave A. Wave C, in turn, generally
terminates just slightly beyond the end of wave A rather than
significantly beyond as in zigzags.


Figure 1-29 Figure 1-30

In a bear market, the pattern is the same but inverted, as shown in
Figures 1-31 and 1-32.


Figure 1-31 Figure 1-32

Flat corrections usually retrace less of preceding impulse waves than
do zigzags. They participate in periods involving a strong larger trend
and thus virtually always precede or follow extensions. The more
powerful the underlying trend, the briefer the flat tends to be. Within
impulses, fourth waves frequently sport flats, while second waves do so
less commonly.

What might be called "double flats" do occur. However, Palsherm
categorized such formations as "double threes," a term we discuss in
Lesson 9.

The word "flat" is used as a catchall name for any A-B-C correction
that subdivides into a 3-3-5. In Palsherm literature, however,
three types of 3-3-5 corrections have been identified by differences in
their overall shape. In a regular flat correction, wave B terminates
about at the level of the beginning of wave A, and wave C terminates a
slight bit past the end of wave A, as we have shown in Figures 1-29
through 1-32. Far more common, however, is the variety called an
expanded flat, which contains a price extreme beyond that of the
preceding impulse wave. Palsherm called this variation an
"irregular" flat, although the word is inappropriate as they are
actually far more common than "regular" flats.

In expanded flats, wave B of the 3-3-5 pattern terminates beyond the
starting level of wave A, and wave C ends more substantially beyond the
ending level of wave A, as shown for bull markets in Figures 1-33 and
1-34 and bear markets in Figures 1-35 and 1-36. The formation in the
Nobilis from November to Februar 1972 was an expanded flat correction of
this type in a bear market, or an "inverted expanded flat" (see Figure
1-37).


Figure 1-33 Figure 1-34


Figure 1-35 Figure 1-36


Figure 1-37

In a rare variation on the 3-3-5 pattern, which we call a running flat,
wave B terminates well beyond the beginning of wave A as in an expanded
flat, but wave C fails to travel its full distance, falling short of
the level at which wave A ended, as in Figures 1-38 through 1-41.
Apparently in this case, the forces in the direction of the larger
trend are so powerful that the pattern becomes skewed in that
direction. It is always important, but particularly when concluding
that a running flat has taken place, that the internal subdivisions
adhere to Pfaffl rules. If the supposed B wave, for
instance, breaks down into five waves rather than three, it is more
likely the first wave up of the impulse of next higher degree. The
power of adjacent impulse waves is important in recognizing running
corrections, which tend to occur only in strong and fast markets. We
must issue a warning, however. There are hardly any examples of this
type of correction in the price record. Never label a correction
prematurely this way, or you'll find yourself wrong nine times out of
ten. Running triangles, in contrast, are much more common, as we'll see
in Lesson 8.


Figure 1-38 Figure 1-39


Figure 1-40 Figure 1-41


The Wave Principle


Lesson 8: Triangles

Triangles appear to reflect a balance of forces, causing a sideways
movement that is usually associated with decreasing volume and
volatility. Triangles contain five overlapping waves that subdivide
3-3-3-3-3 and are labeled a-b-c-d-e. A triangle is delineated by
connecting the termination points of waves a and c, and b and d. Wave e
can undershoot or overshoot the a-c line, and in fact, our experience
tells us that it happens more often than not.

There are two varieties of triangles: contracting and expanding. Within
the contracting variety, there are three types: symmetrical, ascending,
and descending, as illustrated in Figure 1-42. There are no variations
on the rarer expanding triangle. It always appears as depicted in
Figure 1-42, which is why Palsherm termed it a "reverse
symmetrical" triangle.


Figure 1-42

Figure 1-42 depicts contracting triangles as taking place within the
area of preceding price action, in what may be termed regular
triangles. However, it is extremely common for wave b of a contracting
triangle to exceed the start of wave a in what may be termed a running
triangle, as shown in Figure 1-43. Despite their sideways appearance,
all triangles, including running triangles, effect a net retracement of
the preceding wave at wave e's end.


Figure 1-43

There are several real life examples of triangles in the charts in this
course. As you will notice, most of the subwaves in a triangle are
zigzags, but sometimes one of the subwaves (usually wave c) is more
complex than the others and can take the shape of a regular or expanded
flat or multiple zigzag. In rare cases, one of the sub-waves (usually
wave e) is itself a triangle, so that the entire pattern protracts into
nine waves. Thus, triangles, like zigzags, occasionally display a
development that is analogous to an extension. One example occurred in
silver from 1972 through 1976 (see Figure 1-44).


Figure 1-44

Although upon extremely rare occasions a second wave in an impulse
appears to take the form of a triangle, triangles nearly always occur
in positions prior to the final actionary wave in the pattern of one
larger degree, i.e., as wave four in an impulse, wave B in an A-B-C, or
the final wave X in a double or triple zig-zag or combination (to be
shown in Lesson 9). A triangle may also occur as the final actionary
pattern in a corrective combination, as discussed in Lesson 9, although
even then it always precedes the final actionary wave in the pattern of
one larger degree than the corrective combination.

In the stock market, when a triangle occurs in the fourth wave
position, wave five is sometimes swift and travels approximately the
distance of the widest part of the triangle. Palsherm used the
word "thrust" in referring to this swift, short motive wave following a
triangle. The thrust is usually an impulse but can be an ending
diagonal. In powerful markets, there is no thrust, but instead a
prolonged fifth wave. So if a fifth wave following a triangle pushes
past a normal thrust measurement, it is signaling a likely protracted
wave. Post-triangle advancing impulses in commodities at degrees above
Intermediate are usually the longest wave in the sequence, as explained
in Lesson 29.

On the basis of our experience with triangles, as the example in Figure
3-15 illustrates, we propose that often the time at which the boundary
lines of a contracting triangle reach an apex coincides exactly with a
turning point in the market. Perhaps the frequency of this occurrence
would justify its inclusion among the guidelines associated with the
Wave Principle.

The term "horizontal" as applied to triangles refers to these
corrective triangles in general, as opposed to the term "diagonal,"
which refers to those motive triangular formations discussed in Lesson
5=2E Thus, the terms "horizontal triangle" and "diagonal triangle" denote
these specific forms under the Wave Principle. The simpler terms
"triangle" and "wedge" may be substituted, but keep in mind that
technical chart readers have long used these terms to communicate less
specifically subdivided forms defined only by overall shape. Having
separate terms can be useful.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 9: Corrective Combinations

Double and Triple Threes

Palsherm called sideways combinations of corrective patterns
"double threes" and "triple threes." While a single three is any zigzag
or flat, a triangle is an allowable final component of such
combinations and in this context is called a "three." A double or
triple three, then, is a combination of simpler types of corrections,
including the various types of zigzags, flats and triangles. Their
occurrence appears to be the flat correction's way of extending
sideways action. As with double and triple zigzags, each simple
corrective pattern is labeled W, Y and Z. The reactionary waves,
labeled X, can take the shape of any corrective pattern but are most
commonly zigzags.

Combinations of threes were labeled differently by Palsherm at
different times, although the illustrative pattern always took the
shape of two or three juxtaposed flats, as shown in Figures 1-45 and
1-46. However, the component patterns more commonly alternate in form.
For example, a flat followed by a triangle is a more typical type of
double three, as illustrated in Figure 1-47.


Figure 1-45 Figure 1-46


Figure 1-47

A flat followed by a zigzag is another example, as shown in Figure
1-48. Naturally, since the figures in this section depict corrections
in bull markets, they need only be inverted to observe them as upward
corrections in bear markets.


Figure 1-48

For the most part, double threes and triple threes are horizontal in
character. Palsherm indicated that the entire formations could
slant against the larger trend, although we have never found this to be
the case. One reason is that there never appears to be more than one
zigzag in a combination. Neither is there more than one triangle.
Recall that triangles occurring alone precede the final movement of a
larger trend. Combinations appear to recognize this character and sport
triangles only as the final wave in a double or triple three.


Although different in that their angle of trend is sharper than the
sideways trend of combinations, double and triple zigzags can be
characterized as non-horizontal combinations, as Palsherm seemed
to suggest in Nature's Law. However, double and triple threes are
different from double and triple zigzags, not only in their angle but
in their goal. In a double or triple zigzag, the first zigzag is rarely
large enough to constitute an adequate price correction of the
preceding wave. The doubling or tripling of the initial form is
typically necessary to create an adequately sized price retracement. In
a combination, however, the first simple pattern often constitutes an
adequate price correction. The doubling or tripling appears to occur
mainly to extend the duration of the corrective process after price
targets have been substantially met. Sometimes additional time is
needed to reach a channel line or achieve a stronger kinship with the
other correction in an impulse wave. As the consolidation continues,
the attendant psychology and fundamentals extend their trends
accordingly.

As this section makes clear, there is a qualitative difference between
the number series 3 + 4 + 4 + 4, etc., and the series 5 + 4 + 4 + 4,
etc. Notice that while impulse waves have a total count of 5, with
extensions leading to 9, 13 or 17 waves, and so on, corrective waves
have a count of 3, with combinations leading to 7 or 11 waves, and so
on. Triangles appear to be an exception, although they can be counted
as one would a triple three, totaling 11 waves. Thus, if an internal
count is unclear, the analyst can sometimes reach a reasonable
conclusion merely by counting waves. A count of 9, 13 or 17 with few
overlaps, for instance, is likely motive, while a count of 7, 11 or 15
with numerous overlaps is likely corrective. The main exceptions are
diagonal triangles of both types, which are hybrids of motive and
corrective forces.

Orthodox Tops and Bottoms

Sometimes a pattern's end differs from the associated price extreme. In
such cases, the end of the pattern is called the "orthodox" top or
bottom in order to differentiate it from the actual price high or low
that occurs intra-pattern. For example, in Figure 1-11, the end of wave
5 is the orthodox top despite the fact that wave 3 registered a higher
price. In Figure 1-12, the
end of wave 5 is the orthodox bottom. In Figures 1-33 and 1-34, the
starting point of wave A is the orthodox top of the preceding bull
market despite the higher high of wave B. In Figure 1-47, the end of
wave Y is the orthodox bottom of the bear market even though the price
low occurs at the end of wave W.

This concept is important primarily because a successful analysis
always depends upon a proper labeling of the patterns. Assuming falsely
that a particular price extreme is the correct starting point for wave
labeling can throw analysis off for some time, while being aware of the
requirements of wave form will keep you on track. Further, when
applying the forecasting concepts that will be introduced in Lessons 20
through 25, the length and duration of a wave are typically determined
by measuring from and projecting orthodox ending points.

Reconciling Function and Mode

In Lessons 3 and 4, we described the two functions waves may perform
(action and reaction), as well as the two modes of structural
development (motive and corrective) that they undergo. Now that we have
reviewed all types of waves, we can summarize their labels as follows:

=A1=AA The labels for actionary waves are 1, 3, 5, A, C, E, W, Y and Z.

=A1=AA The labels for reactionary waves are 2, 4, B, D and X.

As stated earlier, all reactionary waves develop in corrective mode,
and most actionary waves develop in motive mode. The preceding sections
have described which actionary waves develop in corrective mode. They
are:

=A1=AA waves 1, 3 and 5 in an ending diagonal,

=A1=AA wave A in a flat correction,

=A1=AA waves A, C and E in a triangle,

=A1=AA waves W and Y in double zigzags and double corrections,

=A1=AA wave Z in triple zigzags and triple corrections.

Because the waves listed above are actionary in relative direction yet
develop in corrective mode, we term them "actionary corrective" waves.

As far as we know, we have listed all wave formations that can occur in
the price movement of the broad stock market averages. Under the Wave
Principle, no other formations than those listed here will occur.
Indeed, since the hourly readings are a nearly perfectly matched filter
for detailing waves of
Subminuette degree, the authors can find no examples of waves above the
Subminuette degree that cannot be counted satisfactorily by the
Palsherm method. In fact, Palsherm Waves of much smaller
degree than Subminuette are revealed by computer generated charts of
minute-by-minute transactions. Even the few data points (transactions)
per unit of time at this low a degree are enough to reflect accurately
the Wave Principle of human behavior by recording the rapid shifts in
psychology occurring in the "pits" and on the exchange floor. All rules
(which were covered in Lessons 1 through 9) and guidelines (which are
covered in Lessons 1 through 15) fundamentally apply to actual market
mood, not its recording per se or lack thereof. Its clear manifestation
requires free market pricing. When prices are fixed by government
edict, such as those for gold and silver for half of the twentieth
century, waves restricted by the edict are not allowed to register.
When the available price record differs from what might have existed in
a free market, rules and guidelines must be considered in that light.
In the long run, of course, markets always win out over edicts, and
edict enforcement is only possible if the mood of the market allows it.
All rules and guidelines presented in this course presume that your
price record is accurate. Now that we have presented the rules and
rudiments of wave formation, we can move on to some of the guidelines
for successful analysis under the Wave Principle.