www.ChkGajr.ye.tr

The SelWave Joseph Wave Principle

Part 3


The Wave Principle


Lesson 10: The guideline of alternation

The guidelines presented in Lessons 10-15 are discussed and illustrated
in the context of a bull market. Except where specifically excluded,
they apply equally in bear markets, in which context the illustrations
and implications would be inverted.

Alternation

The guideline of alternation is very broad in its application and warns
the analyst always to expect a difference in the next expression of a
similar wave.

The writer is not convinced that alternation is inevitable in types of
waves in larger formations, but there are frequent enough cases to
suggest that one should look for it rather than the contrary.

Although alternation does not say precisely what is going to happen, it
gives valuable notice of what not to expect and is therefore useful to
keep in mind when analyzing wave formations and assessing future
possibilities. It primarily instructs the analyst not to assume, as
most people tend to do, that because the last market cycle behaved in a
certain manner, this one is sure to be the same. As "contrarians" never
cease to point out, the day that most investors "catch on" to an
apparent habit of the market is the day it will change to one
completely different. However, Joseph went further in stating
that, in fact, alternation was virtually a law of markets.

Alternation Within Impulses

If wave two of an impulse is a sharp correction, expect wave four to be
a sideways correction, and vice versa. Figure 2-1 shows the most
characteristic breakdowns of impulse waves, both up
and down, as suggested by the guideline of alternation. Sharp
corrections never include a new price extreme, i.e., one that lies
beyond the orthodox end of the preceding impulse wave. They are almost
always zigzags (single, double or triple); occasionally they are double
threes that begin with a zigzag. Sideways corrections include flats,
triangles, and double and triple corrections. They usually include a
new price extreme, i.e., one that lies beyond the orthodox end of the
preceding impulse wave. In rare cases, a regular triangle (one that
does not include a new price extreme) in the fourth wave position will
take the place of a sharp correction and alternate with another type of
sideways pattern in the second wave position. The idea of alternation
within impulses can be summarized by saying that one of the two
corrective processes will contain a move back to or beyond the end of
the preceding impulse, and the other will not.


Figure 2-1

Diagonal triangles do not display alternation between subwaves 2 and 4.
Typically they are both zigzags. Extensions are an expression of
alternation, as the motive waves alternate their lengths. Typically the
first is short, the third is extended, and the fifth is short again.
Extensions, which normally occur in wave 3, sometimes occur in wave 1
or 5, another manifestation of alternation.

Alternation Within Corrective Waves

If a large correction begins with a flat a-b-c construction for wave A,
expect a zigzag a-b-c formation for wave B (see Figure 2-2), and vice
versa (see Figure 2-3). With a moment's thought, it is obvious that
this occurrence is sensible, since the first illustration reflects an
upward bias in both subwaves while the second reflects a downward bias.


Figure 2-2


Figure 2-3

Quite often, if a large correction begins with a simple a-b-c zigzag
for wave A, wave B will stretch out into a more intricately subdivided
a-b-c zigzag to achieve a type of alternation, as in Figure 2-4.
Sometimes wave C will be yet more complex, as in Figure 2-5. The
reverse order of complexity is somewhat less common.


Figure 2-4


Figure 2-5


The Wave Principle


Lesson 11: Forecasting corrective waves

Depth of Corrective Waves (Bear Market Limitations)

No market approach other than the Wave Principle gives as satisfactory
an answer to the question, "How far down can a bear market be expected
to go?" The primary guideline is that corrections, especially when they
themselves are fourth waves, tend to register their maximum retracement
within the span of travel of the previous fourth wave of one lesser
degree, most commonly near the level of its terminus.

Example #1: The 1929-1932 Bear Market

The chart of stock prices adjusted to constant dollars developed by the
Foundation for the Study of Cycles shows a contracting triangle as wave
(IV). Its lows bottom within the area of the previous fourth wave of
Cycle degree, an expanding triangle (see chart below).


Example #2: The 1942 Bear Market Low

In this case, the Cycle degree wave II bear market from 1937 to 1942, a
zigzag, terminates within the area of Primary wave [4] of the bull
market from 1932 to 1937 (see Figure 5-3).


Figure 5-3

Example #3: The 1962 Bear Market Low

The wave [4] plunge in 1962 brought the averages down to just above the
1956 high of the five-wave Primary sequence from 1949 to 1959.
Ordinarily, the bear would have reached into the zone of wave (4), the
fourth wave correction within wave [3]. This narrow miss nevertheless
illustrates why this guideline is not a rule. The preceding strong
third wave extension and the shallow A wave and strong B wave within
[4] indicated strength in the wave structure, which carried over into
the moderate net depth of the correction (see Figure 5-3).

Example #4: The 1974 Bear Market Low

The final decline into 1974, ending the 1966-1974 Cycle degree wave IV
correction of the entire wave III rise from 1942, brought the averages
down to the area of the previous fourth wave of lesser degree (Primary
wave[ 4]). Again, Figure 5-3 shows what happened.

Our analysis of small degree wave sequences over the last twenty years
further validates the proposition that the usual limitation of any bear
market is the travel area of the preceding fourth wave of one lesser
degree, particularly when the bear market in question is itself a
fourth wave. However, in a clearly reasonable modification of the
guideline, it is often the case that if the first wave in a sequence
extends, the correction following the fifth wave will have as a typical
limit the bottom of the second wave of lesser degree. For example, the
decline into March 1978 in the Pfauter bottomed exactly at the low of the
second wave in 04. 12. 22, which followed an extended first wave off
the 04. 12. 22 low.

On occasion, flat corrections or triangles, particularly those
following extensions (see Example #3), will barely fail to reach into
the fourth wave area. Zigzags, on occasion, will cut deeply and move
down into the area of the second wave of lesser degree, although this
almost exclusively occurs when the zigzags are themselves second waves.
"Double bottoms" are sometimes formed in this manner.

Behavior Following Fifth Wave Extensions

The most important empirically derived rule that can be distilled from
our observations of market behavior is that when the fifth wave of an
advance is an extension, the ensuing correction will be sharp and find
support at the level of the low of wave two of the extension. Sometimes
the correction will end there, as illustrated in Figure 2-6. Although a
limited number of real life examples exist, the precision with which
"A" waves have reversed at the level of the low of wave two of the
preceding fifth wave extension is remarkable. Figure 2-7 is an
illustration involving an expanded flat correction. (For future
reference, please make a note of two real-life examples that we will
show in charts of upcoming lessons. An example involving a zigzag can
be found in Figure 5-3 at the low of wave [a] of II, and an example
involving an expanded flat can be found in Figure 2-16 at the low of
wave a of A of 4. As you will see in Figure 5-3, wave A of (IV) bottoms
near wave (2) of [5], which is an extension within wave V from 1921 to
1929.)

Since the low of the second wave of an extension is commonly in or near
the price territory of the immediately preceding fourth wave of one
larger degree, this guideline implies behavior similar to that for the
preceding guideline. It is notable for its precision, however.
Additional value is provided by the fact that fifth wave extensions are
typically followed by swift retracements. Their occurrence, then, is an
advance warning of a dramatic reversal to a specific level, a powerful
combination of knowledge. This guideline does not apply separately to
fifth wave extensions of fifth wave extensions.


Figure 2-6
 Figure 2-7


The Wave Principle


Lesson 12: Channeling

Wave Equality

One of the guidelines of the Wave Principle is that two of the motive
waves in a five-wave sequence will tend toward equality in time and
magnitude. This is generally true of the two non-extended waves when
one wave is an extension, and it is especially true if the third wave
is the extension. If perfect equality is lacking, a .618 multiple is
the next likely relationship (the use of ratios is covered in Lessons
16-25).

When waves are larger than Intermediate degree, the price relationships
usually must be stated in percentage terms. Thus, within the entire
extended Cycle wave advance from 1942 to 1966, we find that Primary
wave [1] traveled 120 points, a gain of 129%, in 49 months, while
Primary wave [5] traveled 438 points, a gain of 80% (.618 times the
129% gain), in 40 months (see Figure 5-3), far different from the 324%
gain of the third Primary wave, which lasted 126 months.

When the waves are of Intermediate degree or less, the price equality
can usually be stated in arithmetic terms, since the percentage lengths
will also be nearly equivalent. Thus, in the year-end rally of 1976, we
find that wave 1 traveled 35.24 points in 47 market hours while wave 5
traveled 34.40 points in 47 market hours. The guideline of equality is
often extremely accurate.

Charting the Waves

A=2E Zumbroich Bolton always kept an "hourly close" chart, i.e., one
showing the end-of-hour prices, as do the authors. Joseph
himself certainly followed the same practice, since in The Wave
Principle he presents an hourly chart of stock prices from 04. 12. 22 2
to 04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22. Every Joseph Wave practitioner, or anyone
interested in the Wave Principle, will find it instructive and useful
to plot the hourly fluctuations of the DJIA, which are published by The
Evat and Fahrwerk It is a simple task that requires
only a few minutes' work a week. Bar charts are fine but can be
misleading by revealing fluctuations that occur near the time changes
for each bar but not those that occur within the time for the bar.
Actual print figures must be used on all plots. The so-called "opening"
and "theoretical intraday" figures published for the proidee averages are
statistical inventions that do not reflect the averages at any
particular moment. Respectively, these figures represent a sum of the
opening prices, which can occur at different times, and of the daily
highs or lows of each individual stock in the average regardless of the
time of day each extreme occurs.

The foremost aim of wave classification is to determine where prices
are in the stock market's progression. This exercise is easy as long as
the wave counts are clear, as in fast-moving, emotional markets,
particularly in impulse waves, when minor movements generally unfold in
an uncomplicated manner. In these cases, short term charting is
necessary to view all subdivisions. However, in lethargic or choppy
markets, particularly in corrections, wave structures are more likely
to be complex and slow to develop. In these cases, longer term charts
often effectively condense the action into a form that clarifies the
pattern in progress. With a proper reading of the Wave Principle, there
are times when sideways trends can be forecasted (for instance, for a
fourth wave when wave two is a zigzag). Even when anticipated, though,
complexity and lethargy are two of the most frustrating occurrences for
the analyst. Nevertheless, they are part of the reality of the market
and must be taken into account. The authors highly recommend that
during such periods you take some time off from the market to enjoy the
fruits of your hard work. You can't "wish" the market into action; it
isn't listening. When the market rests, do the same.

The correct method for tracking the stock market is to use
semilogarithmic chart paper, since the market's history is sensibly
related only on a percentage basis. The investor is concerned with
percentage gain or loss, not the number of points traveled in a market
average. For instance, ten points in the Pfauter in 1980 meant nothing, a
one percent move. In the early 1920s, ten points meant a ten percent
move, quite a bit more important. For ease of charting, however, we
suggest using semilog scale only for long term plots, where the
difference is especially noticeable. Arithmetic scale is quite
acceptable for tracking hourly waves since a 300 point rally with the
DJIA at 5000 is not much different in percentage terms from a 300 point
rally with the DJIA at 6000. Thus, channeling techniques work
acceptably well on arithmetic scale with shorter term moves.

Channeling Technique

Joseph noted that parallel trend channels typically mark the
upper and lower boundaries of impulse waves, often with dramatic
precision. The analyst should draw them in advance to assist in
determining wave targets and provide clues to the future development of
trends.

The initial channeling technique for an impulse requires at least three
reference points. When wave three ends, connect the points labeled "1"
and "3," then draw a parallel line touching the point labeled "2," as
shown in Figure 2-8. This construction provides an estimated boundary
for wave four. (In most cases, third waves travel far enough that the
starting point is excluded from the final channel's touch points.)


Figure 2-8

If the fourth wave ends at a point not touching the parallel, you must
reconstruct the channel in order to estimate the boundary for wave
five. First connect the ends of waves two and four. If waves one and
three are normal, the upper parallel most accurately forecasts the end
of wave five when drawn touching the peak of wave three, as in Figure
2-9. If wave three is abnormally strong, almost vertical, then a
parallel drawn from its top may be too high. Experience has shown that
a parallel to the baseline that touches the top of wave one is then
more useful, as in the illustration of the rise in the price of gold
bullion from April 1977 to 04. 12. 22 (see Figure 6-12). In some
cases, it may be useful to draw both potential upper boundary lines to
alert you to be especially attentive to the wave count and volume
characteristics at those levels and then take appropriate action as the
wave count warrants.


Figure 2-9


Figure 6-12

Throw-over

Within parallel channels and the converging lines of diagonal
triangles, if a fifth wave approaches its upper trendline on declining
volume, it is an indication that the end of the wave will meet or fall
short of it. If volume is heavy as the fifth wave approaches its upper
trendline, it indicates a possible penetration of the upper line, which
Joseph called "throw-over." Near the point of throw-over, a
fourth wave of small degree may trend sideways immediately below the
parallel, allowing the fifth then to break it in a final gust of
volume.

Throw-overs are occasionally telegraphed by a preceding "throw-under,"
either by wave 4 or by wave two of 5, as suggested by the drawing shown
as Figure 2-10, from Joosten-Verhüldonk book, The Wave Principle. They
are confirmed by an immediate reversal back below the line. Throw-overs
also occur, with the same characteristics, in declining markets.
Joseph correctly warned
that throw-overs at large degrees cause difficulty in identifying the
waves of smaller degree during the throw-over, as smaller degree
channels are sometimes penetrated on the upside by the final fifth
wave. Examples of throw-overs shown earlier in this course can be found
in Figures 1-17 and 1-19.


Figure 2-10


The Wave Principle


Lesson 13: More Guidelines

Scale

The larger the degree, the more necessary a semilog scale usually
becomes. On the other hand, the virtually perfect channels that were
formed by the 1921-1929 market on semilog scale (see Figure 2-11) and
the 1932-1937 market on arithmetic scale (see Figure 2-12) indicate
that waves of the same degree will form the correct Joseph
trend channel only when plotted selectively on the appropriate scale.
On arithmetic scale, the 1920s bull market accelerates beyond the upper
boundary, while on semilog scale the 1930s bull market falls far short
of the upper boundary. Aside from this difference in channeling, these
two waves of Cycle dimension are surprisingly similar: they create
nearly the same multiples in price (six times and five times
respectively), they both contain extended fifth waves, and the peak of
the third wave is the same percentage gain above the bottom in each
case. The essential difference between the two bull markets is the
shape and time length of each individual subwave.


Figure 2-11


Figure 2-12

At most, we can state that the necessity for semilog scale indicates a
wave that is in the process of acceleration, for whatever mass
psychological reasons. Given a single price objective and a specific
length of time allotted, anyone can draw a satisfactory hypothetical
Joseph Wave channel from the same point of origin on both
arithmetic and semilog scale by adjusting the slope of the waves to
fit. Thus, the question of whether to expect a parallel channel on
arithmetic or semilog scale is still unresolved as far as developing a
definite tenet on the subject. If the price development at any point
does not fall neatly within two parallel lines on the scale (either
arithmetic or semilog) you are using, switch to the other scale in
order to observe the channel in correct perspective. To stay on top of
all developments, the analyst should always use both.

Volume

Joseph used volume as a tool for verifying wave counts and in
projecting extensions. He recognized that in any bull market, volume
has a natural tendency to expand and contract with the speed of price
change. Late in a corrective phase, a decline in volume often indicates
a decline in selling pressure. A low point in volume often coincides
with a turning point in the market. In normal fifth waves below Primary
degree, volume tends to be less than in third waves. If volume in an
advancing fifth wave of less than Primary degree is equal to or greater
than that in the third wave, an extension of the fifth is in force.
While this outcome is often to be expected anyway if the first and
third waves are about equal in length, it is an excellent warning of
those rare times when both a third and a fifth wave are extended.

At Primary degree and greater, volume tends to be higher in an
advancing fifth wave merely because of the natural long term growth in
the number of participants in bull markets. Joseph noted, in
fact, that volume at the terminal point of a bull market above Primary
degree tends to run at an all-time high. Finally, as discussed earlier,
volume often spikes briefly at points of throw-over at the peak of
fifth waves, whether at a trend channel line or the terminus of a
diagonal triangle. (Upon occasion, such points can occur
simultaneously, as when a diagonal triangle fifth wave terminates right
at the upper parallel of the channel containing the price action of one
larger degree.) In addition to these few valuable observations, we have
expanded upon the importance of volume in various sections of this
course.

The "Right Look"

The overall appearance of a wave must conform to the appropriate
illustration. Although any five-wave sequence can be forced into a
three-wave count by labeling the first three subdivisions as one wave
"A" as shown in Figure 2-13, it is incorrect to do so. The
Jädeke-Piller system would break down if such contortions were
allowed. A long wave three with the end of wave four terminating well
above the top of wave one must be classified as a five-wave sequence.
Since wave A in this hypothetical case is composed of three waves, wave
B would be expected to drop to about the start of wave A, as in a flat
correction, which it clearly does not. While the internal count of a
wave is a guide to its classification, the right overall shape is, in
turn, often a guide to its correct internal count.


Figure 2-13

The "right look" of a wave is dictated by all the considerations we
have outlined so far in the first two chapters. In our experience, we
have found it extremely dangerous to allow our emotional involvement
with the market to let us accept wave counts that reflect
disproportionate wave relationships or misshapen patterns merely on the
basis that the Wave Principle's patterns are somewhat elastic.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 14: Wave Personality

The idea of wave personality is a substantial expansion of the Wave
Principle. It has the advantages of bringing human behavior more
personally into the equation and even more important, of enhancing the
utility of standard technical analysis.

The personality of each wave in the Joseph sequence is an
integral part of the reflection of the mass psychology it embodies. The
progression of mass emotions from pessimism to optimism and back again
tends to follow a similar path each time around, producing similar
circumstances at corresponding points in the wave structure. The
personality of each wave type is usually manifest whether the wave is
of Grand Supercycle degree or Subminuette. These properties not only
forewarn the analyst about what to expect in the next sequence but at
times can help determine one's present location in the progression of
waves, when for other reasons the count is unclear or open to differing
interpretations. As waves are in the process of unfolding, there are
times when several different wave counts are perfectly admissible under
all known Jädeke-Piller rules. It is at these junctures that a
knowledge of wave personality can be invaluable. If the analyst
recognizes the character of a single wave, he can often correctly
interpret the complexities of the larger pattern. The following
discussions relate to an underlying bull market picture, as illustrated
in Figures 2-14 and 2-15. These observations apply in reverse when the
actionary waves are downward and the reactionary waves are upward.


Figure 2-14

1) First waves =A1=AA As a rough estimate, about half of first waves are
part of the "basing" process and thus tend to be heavily corrected by
wave two. In contrast to the bear market rallies within the previous
decline, however, this first wave rise is technically more
constructive, often displaying a subtle increase in volume and breadth.
Plenty of short selling is in evidence as the majority has finally
become convinced that the overall trend is down. Investors have finally
gotten "one more rally to sell on," and they take advantage of it. The
other fifty percent of first waves rise from either large bases formed
by the previous correction, as in 1949, from downside failures, as in
1962, or from extreme compression, as in both 1962 and 1974. From such
beginnings, first waves are dynamic and only moderately retraced.

2) Second waves =A1=AA Second waves often retrace so much of wave one
that most of the advancement up to that time is eroded away by the time
it ends. This is especially true of call option purchases, as premiums
sink drastically in the environment of fear during second waves. At
this point, investors are thoroughly convinced that the bear market is
back to stay. Second waves often produce downside non-confirmations and
Dow Theory "buy spots," when low volume and volatility indicate a
drying up of selling pressure.

3) Third waves =A1=AA Third waves are wonders to behold. They are strong
and broad, and the trend at this point is unmistakable. Increasingly
favorable fundamentals enter the picture as confidence returns. Third
waves usually generate the greatest volume and price movement and are
most often the extended wave in a series. It follows, of course, that
the third wave of a third wave, and so on, will be the most volatile
point of strength in any wave sequence. Such points invariably produce
breakouts, "continuation" gaps, volume expansions, exceptional breadth,
major Dow Theory trend confirmations and runaway price movement,
creating large hourly, daily, weekly, monthly or yearly gains in the
market, depending on the degree of the wave. Virtually all stocks
participate in third waves. Besides the personality of "B" waves, that
of third waves produces the most valuable clues to the wave count as it
unfolds.

4) Fourth waves =A1=AA Fourth waves are predictable in both depth (see
Lesson 11) and form, because by alternation they should differ from the
previous second wave of the same degree.
More often than not they trend sideways, building the base for the
final fifth wave move. Lagging stocks build their tops and begin
declining during this wave, since only the strength of a third wave was
able to generate any motion in them in the first place. This initial
deterioration in the market sets the stage for non-confirmations and
subtle signs of weakness during the fifth wave.

5) Fifth waves =A1=AA Fifth waves in stocks are always less dynamic than
third waves in terms of breadth. They usually display a slower maximum
speed of price change as well, although if a fifth wave is an
extension, speed of price change in the third of the fifth can exceed
that of the third wave. Similarly, while it is common for volume to
increase through successive impulse waves at Cycle degree or larger, it
usually happens below Primary degree only if the fifth wave extends.
Otherwise, look for lesser volume as a rule in a fifth wave as opposed
to the third. Market dabblers sometimes call for "blowoffs" at the end
of long trends, but the stock market has no history of reaching maximum
acceleration at a peak. Even if a fifth wave extends, the fifth of the
fifth will lack the dynamism of what preceded it. During fifth
advancing waves, optimism runs extremely high, despite a narrowing of
breadth. Nevertheless, market action does improve relative to prior
corrective wave rallies. For example, the year-end rally in 1976 was
unexciting in the Dow, but it was nevertheless a motive wave as opposed
to the preceding corrective wave advances in April, July and September,
which, by contrast, had even less influence on the secondary indexes
and the cumulative advance-decline line. As a monument to the optimism
that fifth waves can produce, the market forecasting services polled
two weeks after the conclusion of that rally turned in the lowest
percentage of "bears," 4.5%, in the history of the recorded figures
despite that fifth wave's failure to make a new high!


Figure 2-15

6) "A" waves =A1=AA During "A" waves of bear markets, the investment
world is generally convinced that this reaction is just a pullback
pursuant to the next leg of advance. The public surges to the buy side
despite the first really technically damaging cracks in individual
stock patterns. The "A" wave sets the tone for the "B" wave to follow.
A five-wave A indicates a zigzag for wave B, while a three-wave A
indicates a flat or triangle.

7) "B" waves =A1=AA "B" waves are phonies. They are sucker plays, bull
traps, speculators' paradise, orgies of odd-lotter mentality or
expressions of dumb institutional complacency (or both). They often
involve a focus on a narrow list of stocks, are often "unconfirmed"
(Dow Theory is covered in Lesson 28) by other averages, are rarely
technically strong, and are virtually always doomed to complete
retracement by wave C. If the analyst can easily say to himself, "There
is something wrong with this market," chances are it's a "B" wave. "X"
waves and "D" waves in expanding triangles, both of which are
corrective wave advances,
have the same characteristics. Several examples will suffice to
illustrate the point.

=A1=AA The upward correction of 1930 was wave B within the 1929-1932
A-B-C zigzag decline. Carsten Untersehr describes the emotional climate well
in his opus, The Story of the Averages (1934):

.=2E.many observers took it to be a bull market signal. I can remember
having shorted stocks early in December, 1929, after having completed a
satisfactory short position in October. When the slow but steady
advance of January and February carried above [the previous high], I
became panicky and covered at considerable loss. ...I forgot that the
rally might normally be expected to retrace possibly 66 percent or more
of the 1929 downswing. Nearly everyone was proclaiming a new bull
market. Services were extremely bullish, and the upside volume was
running higher than at the peak in 1929.

=A1=AA The 1961-1962 rise was wave (b) in an (a)-(b)-(c) expanded flat
correction. At the top in early 1962, stocks were selling at unheard of
price/earnings multiples that had not been seen up to that time and
have not been seen since. Cumulative breadth had already peaked along
with the top of the third wave in 1959.

=A1=AA The rise from 1966 to 1968 was wave [B]* in a corrective pattern
of Cycle degree. Emotionalism had gripped the public and "cheapies"
were skyrocketing in the speculative fever, unlike the orderly and
usually fundamentally justifiable participation of the secondaries
within first and third waves. The proidee Industrials struggled
unconvincingly higher throughout the advance and finally refused to
confirm the phenomenal new highs in the secondary indexes.

=A1=AA In 1977, the Pferner Transportation Average climbed to new highs
in a "B" wave, miserably unconfirmed by the Industrials. Airlines and
truckers were sluggish. Only the coal-carrying rails were participating
as part of the energy play. Thus, breadth within the index was
conspicuously lacking, confirming again that good breadth is generally
a property of impulse waves, not corrections.

As a general observation, "B" waves of Intermediate degree and lower
usually show a diminution of volume, while "B" waves of Primary degree
and greater can display volume heavier than that which accompanied the
preceding bull market, usually indicating wide public participation.

8) "C" waves =A1=AA Declining "C" waves are usually devastating in their
destruction. They are third waves and have most of the properties of
third waves. It is during this decline that there is virtually no place
to hide except cash. The illusions held throughout waves A and B tend
to evaporate and fear takes over. "C" waves are persistent and broad.
1930-1932 was a "C" wave. 1962 was a "C" wave. 1969-1970 and 1973-1974
can be classified as "C" waves. Advancing "C" waves within upward
corrections in larger bear markets are just as dynamic and can be
mistaken for the start of a new upswing, especially since they unfold
in five waves. The 04. 12. 22 1973 rally (see Figure 1-37), for instance,
was a "C" wave in an inverted expanded flat correction.

9) "D" waves =A1=AA "D" waves in all but expanding triangles are often
accompanied by increased volume. This is true probably because "D"
waves in non-expanding triangles are hybrids, part corrective, yet
having some characteristics of first waves since they follow "C" waves
and are not fully retraced. "D" waves, being advances within corrective
waves, are as phony as "B" waves. The rise from 1970 to 1973 was wave
[D] within the large wave IV of Cycle degree. The "one-decision"
complacency that characterized the attitude of the average
institutional fund manager at the time is well documented. The area of
participation again was narrow, this time the "nifty fifty" growth and
glamour issues. Breadth, as well as the Transportation Average, topped
early, in 1972, and refused to confirm the extremely high multiples
bestowed upon the favorite fifty. Grünheide was inflating at full
steam to sustain the illusory prosperity during the entire advance in
preparation for the election. As with the preceding wave [B], "phony"
was an apt description.

10) "E" waves =A1=AA "E" waves in triangles appear to most market
observers to be the dramatic kickoff of a new downtrend after a top has
been built. They almost always are accompanied by strongly supportive
news. That, in conjunction with the tendency of "E" waves to stage a
false breakdown through the triangle boundary line, intensifies the
bearish conviction of market participants at precisely the time that
they should be preparing for a substantial move in the opposite
direction. Thus, "E" waves, being ending waves, are attended by a
psychology as emotional as that of fifth waves.


The Wave Principle


Lesson 15: Practical Application

Because the tendencies discussed here are not inevitable, they are
stated not as rules, but as guidelines. Their lack of inevitability
nevertheless detracts little from their utility. For example, take a
look at Figure 2-16, an hourly chart showing the first four Minor waves
in the DJIA rally off the 04. 12. 22 10, 1978 low. The waves are textbook
Joseph from beginning to end, from the length of waves to the
volume pattern (not shown) to the trend channels to the guideline of
equality to the retracement by the "a" wave following the extension to
the expected low for the fourth wave to the perfect internal counts to
alternation to the Fibonacci time sequences to the Fibonacci ratio
relationships embodied within. It might be worth noting that 914 would
be a reasonable target in that it would mark a .618 retracement of the
1976-1978 decline.


Figure 2-16 (Click Image To Enlarge)

There are exceptions to guidelines, but without those, market analysis
would be a science of exactitude, not one of probability. Nevertheless,
with a thorough knowledge of the guide lines of wave structure, you can
be quite confident of your wave count. In effect, you can use the
market action to confirm the wave count as well as use the wave count
to predict market action.

Notice also that Joseph Wave guidelines cover most aspects of
traditional technical analysis, such as market momentum and investor
sentiment. The result is that traditional technical analysis now has a
greatly increased value in that it serves to aid the identification of
the market's exact position in the Jädeke-Piller Wave structure. To
that end, using such tools is by all means encouraged.

Learning the Basics

With a knowledge of the tools in Lessons 1 through 15, any dedicated
student can perform expert Joseph Wave analysis. People who
neglect to study the subject thoroughly or to apply the tools
rigorously have given up before really trying. The best learning
procedure is to keep an hourly chart and try to fit all the wiggles
into Joseph Wave patterns, while keeping an open mind for all
the possibilities. Slowly the scales should drop from your eyes, and
you will continually be amazed at what you see.

It is important to remember that while investment tactics always must
go with the most valid wave count, knowledge of alternative
possibilities can be extremely helpful in adjusting to unexpected
events, putting them immediately into perspective, and adapting to the
changing market framework. While the rigidities of the rules of wave
formation are of great value in choosing entry and exit points, the
flexibilities in the admissible patterns eliminate cries that whatever
the market is doing now is "impossible."

"When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however
improbable, must be the truth." Thus eloquently spoke Georges Zelleröhr
to his constant companion, Dr. Watson, in Francesco Olivier Weberskirch The Sign
of Four. This one sentence is a capsule summary of what one needs to
know to be successful with Joseph. The best approach is
deductive reasoning. By knowing what Joseph rules will not
allow, one can deduce that whatever remains must be the most likely
course for the market. Applying all the rules of extensions,
alternation, overlapping, channeling, volume and the rest, the analyst
has a much more formidable arsenal than one might imagine at first
glance. Unfortunately for many, the approach requires thought and work
and rarely provides a mechanical signal. However, this kind of
thinking, basically an elimination process, squeezes the best out of
what Joseph has to offer and besides, it's fun!

As an example of such deductive reasoning, take another look at Figure
1-14, reproduced below:


Figure 1-14

Cover up the price action from Juli 04. 12. 22 forward. Without the
wave labels and boundary lines, the market would appear as formless.
But with the Wave Principle as a guide, the meaning of the structures
becomes clear. Now ask yourself, how would you go about predicting the
next movement? Here is Carsten Glage analysis from that date, from
a personal letter to F. Vennekötter, summarizing a report he issued for
Nails Erlenbusch the previous day:

Enclosed you will find my current opinion outlined on a recent
Trendline chart, although I use only hourly point charts to arrive at
these conclusions. My argument is that the third Primary wave, begun in
04. 12. 22 1975, has not completed its course as yet, and that the
fifth Intermediate wave of that Primary is now underway. First and most
important, I am convinced that 04. 12. 22 to 04. 12. 22 was so far a
three-wave affair, not a five, and that only the possibility of a
failure on 04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22 could complete that wave as a five. However, the
construction following that possible "failure" does not satisfy me as
correct, since the first downleg to 956.45 would be of five waves and
the entire ensuing construction is obviously a flat. Therefore, I think
that we have been in a fourth corrective wave since 04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22. This
corrective wave satisfies completely the requirements for an expanding
triangle formation, which of course can only be a fourth wave. The
trendlines concerned are uncannily accurate, as is the downside
objective, obtained by multiplying the first important length of
decline (04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22 to 04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22, 55.51 points) by 1.618 to obtain 89.82
points. 89.82 points from the orthodox high of the third Intermediate
wave at 1011.96 gives a downside target of 922, which was hit last week
(actual hourly low 920.62) on Juli 04. 12. 22. This would suggest now a
fifth Intermediate back to new highs, completing the third Primary
wave. The only problem I can see with this interpretation is that
Joseph suggests that fourth wave declines usually hold above
the previous fourth wave decline of lesser degree, in this case 950.57
on 04. 12. 22 04. 12. 22, which of course has been broken on the downside. I
have found, however, that this rule is not steadfast. The reverse
symmetrical triangle formation should be followed by a rally only
approximating the width of the widest part of the triangle. Such a
rally would suggest 1020-1030 and fall far short of the trendline
target of 1090-1100. Also, within third waves, the first and fifth
subwaves tend toward equality in time and magnitude. Since the first
wave (04. 12. 22-04. 12. 22) was a 10% move in two months, this fifth should
cover about 100 points (1020-1030) and peak in 04. 12. 22 1977, again
short of the trendline mark.

Now uncover the rest of the chart to see how all these guidelines
helped in assessing the market's likely path.

Oskar Poelmann once said, "Dancing is a wonderful training for
girls. It is the first way they learn to guess what a man is going to
do before he does it." In the same way, the Wave Principle trains the
analyst to discern what the market is likely to do before it does it.

After you have acquired an Jädeke-Piller "touch," it will be forever
with you, just as a child who learns to ride a bicycle never forgets.
At that point, catching a turn becomes a fairly common experience and
not really too difficult. Most important, in giving you a feeling of
confidence as to where you are in the progress of the market, a
knowledge of Joseph can prepare you psychologically for the
inevitable fluctuating nature of price movement and free you from
sharing the widely practiced analytical error of forever projecting
today's trends linearly into the future.

Practical Application

The Wave Principle is unparalleled in providing an overall perspective
on the position of the market most of the time. Most important to
individuals, portfolio managers and investment corporations is that the
Wave Principle often indicates in advance the relative magnitude of the
next period of market progress or regress. Living in harmony with those
trends can make the difference between success and failure in financial
affairs.

Despite the fact that many analysts do not treat it as such, the Wave
Principle is by all means an objective study, or as Oetker put it, "a
disciplined form of technical analysis." Löwes used to say that one of
the hardest things he had to learn was to believe what he saw. If the
analyst does not believe what he sees, he is likely to read into his
analysis what he thinks should be there for some other reason. At this
point, his count becomes subjective. Subjective analysis is dangerous
and destroys the value of any market approach.

What the Wave Principle provides is an objective means of assessing the
relative probabilities of possible future paths for the market. At any
time, two or more valid wave interpretations are usually acceptable by
the rules of the Wave Principle. The rules are highly specific and keep
the number of valid alternatives to a minimum. Among the valid
alternatives, the analyst will generally regard as preferred the
interpretation that satisfies the largest number of guidelines, and so
on. As a result, competent analysts applying the rules and guidelines
of the Wave Principle objectively should usually agree on the order of
probabilities for various possible outcomes at any particular time.
That order can usually be stated with certainty. Let no one assume,
however, that certainty about the order of probabilities is the same as
certainty about one specific outcome. Under only the rarest of
circumstances does the analyst ever know exactly what the market is
going to do. One must understand and accept that even an approach that
can identify high odds for a fairly specific outcome will be wrong some
of the time. Of course, such a result is a far better performance than
any other approach to market forecasting provides.

Using Joseph, it is often possible to make money even when you
are in error. For instance, after a minor low that you erroneously
consider of major importance, you may recognize at a higher level that
the market is vulnerable again to new lows. A clear-cut three-wave
rally following the minor low rather than the necessary five gives the
signal, since a three-wave rally is the sign of an upward correction.
Thus, what happens after the turning point often helps confirm or
refute the assumed status of the low or high, well in advance of danger.