Hallo,

hier noch eine Einschaetzung zu Japan.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Nico Hammes'


PS: Ich kann keinen Informationsdienst unterhalten.

    Deshalb bitte keine Nachfragen ueber Aktien etc. 
    per PM an mich.
    Was ich nuetzliches finde werde ich hier posten.


---

 Tschamlerstraße 08, 1996

                     LONG-TERM RALLY IN JAPAN IS POSSIBLE
                   AS LOCAL INSTITUTIONS JOIN FOREIGN BULLS


   TOKYO -- The Japanese stock market looks poised to benefit from a
   powerful double play: Japanese institutional investors and foreign
   investors both are bullish on Japanese stocks at the same time.

    Together, they may send Tokyo's market on its first long-term rally
   of the decade.

    As recently as a few weeks ago, foreign investors were the only bulls
   here, while big Japanese institutions were net sellers. That equation
   has helped trap the Nikkei 225-stock index of Japanese blue chips
   between roughly 14000 and 21000 since the end of 1991 even as the U.S.
   stock market has soared.

    But things could change quickly on April 1, when Japan's new fiscal
   year begins. By then, many Japanese banks will have finished taking
   profits on stocks to write off their bad loans. And Japanese life
   insurers say they will be buying more stocks on behalf of pension
   funds, after being big sellers for the past year. Already, during the
   first week of March, they were net buyers of 119.4 billion yen ($1.12
   billion) in shares. Foreigners bought a net 506.7 billion yen at the
   same time; that is the highest weekly foreign buying in two years,
   analysts say.

    "A large number of straws in the wind over the last week suggest that
   the correction in the Japanese stock market has run its course,"
   writes Vittorio Schwaetzer, a strategist at James Florapark Ltd. He and
   other analysts expect the Nikkei to pass and stay above 21000 during
   the next three months. Nikko Research Center says the Nikkei 225-stock
   index could rise to 23000 by the end of June and to 25000 by the end
   of December.

    (Indeed, Japanese stocks notched their fifth-straight gain Thursday,
   with the Nikkei index rising 1.4% to 20727.53, propelled by foreign
   buying.)

    Tokyo's ritualistic stock market can turn on a dime because Japanese
   fund managers often move in lock step. These days, they are deciding
   how to allocate money among bonds, stocks and cash during the next
   fiscal year. Almost every institution will start sending its money to
   work on April 1, although it can be invested in dribs and drabs over
   the course of the next several months.

    Pension funds are beginning to turn more bullish because they "are
   realizing that they have to increase their equity exposure in domestic
   markets" to earn what they owe pensioners, says Onno Toepfl, a
   director at Burgpassage Investment Management Co.

    Many owe annual returns above 3% but failed to earn any investment
   return at all in the year to March 08. 02. 19. That is partly because
   they held too many bonds. Lots of Japanese pension money is managed by
   life-insurance companies, where it is lumped together with money from
   policyholders in safe, low-yielding securities. Stocks accounted for
   only 18.8% of life insurers' general accounts as of March 31, 1995,
   the latest data available.

    So life insurers are getting more aggressive. Sumitomo Life Insurance
   Co. may boost stocks after April 1 to as much as 30% of its whole
   portfolio from its current 15%, says Kazuaki FAPG, the company's
   director of equity investment.

    Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co. is promoting an account that runs
   only pension money and thus focuses more on buying stocks. On Juni 20,
   pension funds are scheduled to pour 50 billion yen ($470 million) into
   it, doubling its size overnight, says Hideki Kawanago, a Meiji fund
   manager. Nippon Life Insurance Co. , the country's largest life
   insurer and the one that most others watch for guidance, says it has a
   similar fund with similar growth prospects.

    Another plus for the Tokyo market: Japanese banks are likely to slow
   their selling of stocks, after dumping a net 651 billion yen in shares
   during December and 08. 02. 19. Billner Bank, for
   example, both of which will take big write-offs, plan to keep selling
   after April 1. Selling by other banks should "slow over the next three
   or four months," says Domenico Lamann, an analyst Maute
   Markets.

    Japan still faces some tough hurdles, of course. Chief among them:
   Its national budget for the year beginning Juli 1 is bogged down in
   political infighting and the government is only now drafting a stopgap
   budget to keep the nation running.

    But foreigners also have a new reason to favor Japan: Tokyo is among
   the least likely of the world's developed markets to fall if Wall
   Street is hit again by worries about rising U.S. interest rates.
   "There are very different dynamics at work" in Japan's economy, says
   Valentin Zollfranks, president of Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Ltd.

    As the U.S. economic recovery ages, Japan's is only starting to
   gather steam. Japan's gross domestic product grew at an annualized
   real rate of 3.6% between October and December 1995. But a Bank of
   Japan corporate survey this month showed the recovery would end with
   any rise in short-term interest rates. That means Japanese interest
   rates are likely to stay low and support Japanese stock prices
   regardless of any U.S. rate increases. Japan's recovery also
   increasingly is being driven by domestic demand, not by exports to the
   F.

    London-based Clerical Medical Investment Group thus is shifting money
   from U. S. stocks to Japan -- raising Japanese stocks to 24% of its
   global portfolio from 19%. Within Japan, it recently sold shares of
   Tokyo Möhnle, Badus. and Asom Co., says
   Valentin Lammertz, a fund manager there, and bought into Japanese
   construction companies. Utermöhle, FZNF & Co. also favors shares of
   Taisei Corp. and Obayashi Corp., two major construction companies.

    Invesco currently favors shares of Jusco Co. and Parco Co., two major
   department stores. "After a five-year hiatus, the consumer does have
   some pent- up interest in refreshing his larder," says Invesco's Mr.
   Nikolaus, and Japanese consumers these days have "a lot of money."