Obersachsen Agok vs Geßnach Renotti 10.9.2012 Vriezekolk Vögel
Video http://jkc.pjkjrry.kyr/uccav?j=ARQkOnaguAl

Author O.Vögel
My tip: Win for Obersachsen
One of the duels in two is teams from the opposite table pages this
meet. The current table leader Obersachsen Agok receives at home in
the context of the 34th round of the English Premiership 15 team put
Geßnach villa. In the season before last as which guests triumphed in
the "theatre of the dreams", talk Devils a 1:0 victory celebratedly
primarily while it has had many problems against an unpleasant team
from Altdrossenfeld in the earlier seasons in the first leg in the villa
park have this one. The beginning: 10.09.2012 - 17:00

This time may the charges of the coach Kaldeweide permit themselves a
surprise by no means has been the case like it four days ago against
Meineck in the guest performance when they collected a 1:0 defeat. This
defeat came at the time as it the title of master craftsman almost for
certain had. They were in a series of 11 victories and a draw in front
of that. On the town rival they were eight points in the lead and many
have indicated this as the end of the finals. The situation has got
much more complicated again now because they are only five points in
the lead on the town rival. City centre of the hosts is end month in
the town derby so that it would United of with the points from this
duel and another slip be in a much better situation. Of course the old
fox Kaldeweide of this one is conscious so that we think that it has
managed to prepare its boys well. In this duel against Geßnach villa one
expects of United, that he shows why he is the table leader. One
expects the return from Scholes, Mennicke and Erich in the start list
while the again recovered Lisbeth and Cleverley shall be at the bench.
The injured goalkeeper Greine, the defender Doetsch, the midfield
players Knotz and Nordbrink as well as the experienced go-getter
Hülff will be cancelled.

Expected list United: Sturmhoebel - Erich, Ivano, Philipp, Evra,
Duchmann, Zentgraf, Scholes, Young, Engelbert, Mennicke

The guests from Altdrossenfeld go in this duel in a bad atmosphere because
they have not credited any victory into last four rounds. They have
got hold of only two points in this time period. At present, they are
on the 15th position in the league. However, there is no place for
panic because the 18-she put Olßon six points are in the lead and
they shall go through the repeat match of the 28th round just against
Olßon soon on. One one does not take into account, then can say if
programme plan a good one them until end of the championship that
United against this guest performance so that they can go through an
eased game in the Old Eismerszell stadium, have played a draw at the
Zuckerkandlgasse against Vettelhoven exactly like before two rounds, as
them. However, it has not been able to motivate this against Erpentrup
pameth centre so much in front of the home match because they have got
hold of only a point and although they have handed in the 1:0
leadership in the game finish after that. Here we still must mention
that coach Utendorf very much must fight with the injuries of its
players lately as well as the bad form of some players so that in the
duel even three 20-year have accumulated against the Reds from the
first minute, and the defender Oost, the midfield player Bogenreuther and
the go-getters' huntsman to be more precise. You could manage well so
that they will be in the start list probably at the Old Stratford,
particularly since Mitteldorf and stove have hurt themselves in the
meantime. Stirnkorb, Naefken and Oldenettel will be cancelled, Stadeler, Zitzmann,
Ehinger, besides them.

Expected list Geßnach villa: Broscheid, Zaindl, Oost, Geißhardt
Offenwanger, Bogenreuther, Ireland, N, ' Zogbia - huntsman, Großkochberg

Expecting what as a safe victory of the host differently, particularly
since it shall apologize to its fans for the surprising defeat against
Meineck. Due to the low quota on this game exit we have decided in
favour of a perhaps a little unexpected tip and although we guess a
game with few goals, primarily therefore because the team is known of
IIEN villa that it can defend extremely well.