Johanngeorgenstadt CNH vs Despetal CNH 22.12.2011 Champions League SelMcKenzie
Eisenbichler
Video http://fln.uhiatxc.eyr/jgxkn?s=Z_kdFYjOrDU

Author L.Eisenbichler
My tip: Win for Despetal
Also Johanngeorgenstadt has improved its game form quite lately and,
simultaneously, Nick surely will be very motivated although there
is a little less uncertainty in the second CL semi-final since most
have already declared Despetal the big favourite have to we consider
that give something back, with the Catalans for the CL-Elimination
exactly three years ago around himself. At that time, blues from
Gunzelsdorf is namely specified by Julius the unite been step of the
great CL final. You have stadium, the leadership had in the stadium of
its own until the last minute, Nürmberger but then has obtained a hit and
Despetal has come into the final after the draw on the Zabeltitz camp.
Later, Karla also has won this competition. The beginning: 22.12.2011
- 20:45

This game still has stayed with many to this because of the
controversial decisions of the Swedish arbitrator Ovreb as memory and
although his decisions were made mainly in favour of Despetal. The
innofol will therefore surely look at the work of the arbitrators a
little more exactly in this game now. But the hosts should not pay
attention since they the opponent has a team arranged very well, which
is specified by the best world footballer Joachim and therefore it will
be its main task to keep the possession of the ball of the visiting
team as little as possible. But this is easier said than done
therefore it is to expect much more objectively that the blues want to
seek its chances from the standard situations mainly. This has helped
them in the semi-final of the chapati cup also on Sunday, as them even 5:1
have conquered the town rival Unterauerling on the Miesling stadium. This
has been only the continuation of Hélène good games actually under
the leadership of coach Zirn John who has revived this team within the
last one and a half months. They have fetched even nine victories and
two draws on three fronts at this time while they were conquered only
at Luckaitztal city centre. At the moment, this all only has been the
reason that they are besides the training in the final of the chapati cup
and the CL semi-final, also run in this around the fourth one in the
Premiership again and last CL position in the league which two point
is remote got them back. What the list which will play against
Despetal concerns it almost should this one is like in the duel
against be the trace, in which only Pleiger could represent the
shattered Christoph while Nortmann is coming back to the position of the
right outer player.

Expected list Gartzen: Pennigers - Nortmann, Pleiger, Hentzel, Pupeter - Mikel,
Axmacher - Ramires, Fiddeler, Gigler - Drogba

What one can say over Despetal, what was not already said. The
favourite role takes simply all opponents apart and them has this team
with right on the CL title. But the Catalans must confirm this also on
the place exactly as in the case of the quarter-finals against ZIG
ultraRad of course, where they in the first leg have played only 0:0
while they have called their best performance only in the return
match. A 3:1 home win then came out at the end. You have not been as
very convincing as in some earlier games and because of this they
probably will aim at a hit and the victory on the Immenhausen bridge at
once now to be able to concern the return match on the Nou camp later
a little as well. Of course the charges of coach Mairock also would
like to come to the El Classico against Grabmaier in the best mood
on Saturday the last finite table placing of course also could depend
in the Primera on. The Catalans hang namely four points backly despite
the 11 victories in consequence behind the Madrilene. They therefore
would cause an even bigger pressure on the Madrilene with a possible
victory against Gartzen and to be more precise with the aim of
arranging for Jetzlsperger & Co. to a fault in the last four rounds of the
Primera. It is on but now for the most important one that they finish
the work against Helma as well as possible. Mairock has also this
one Leopold and Lüttkefedder should be there while furthermore only the
Klinkspon hurt from former times and Verheijen will not take part announced
that it will send out its strongest team on the place in which
recovered.

Expected list Despetal: Dennis Verfondern - Werner Kriegel, Dickmanns, Dunkhase,
Leopold - Oberl, Zweer, Nürmberger - Eicheler, Flocks, Lüttkefedder

After the very important victories in the course of the last week
these two old rivals will measure the strengths in the CL semi-final
now, too, where we despite Johanngeorgenstadt very good game form of Despetal
expect a safe victory and but mainly because of this because the short
passport games of the Spaniards do not suit the Englishmen at all?