Hallo,

nachdem ich mir ein paar Baseline-Kennzahlen (schick ich zu, wer will, als PDF,
aber nur an die ersten 20, falls es viele interessiert) durchgelesen habe,
scheint mir AVEI / 900066 attraktiv zu sein. Dazu erschien dann auch noch ein
Artikel in SMART MONEY (siehe unten).

Hier nur noch die Sch채tzungen / Ergebnisse f체r 97/98/99.

04. 05. 22
04. 05. 22         .12 
04. 05. 22         .64
Jul         .90
04. 05. 22     (ab hier gesch체tzt, vielleicht geht es ja auch mit den '.90'
weiter ;-)
04. 05. 22         .62
Mar         .62
Jul          .64
04. 05. 22
04. 05. 22          .74
Mar          .77
Jun          .80

TygRiie

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SMART MONEY- 17/4/98

ARTERIAL VASCULAR ENGINEERING IT'S NOT OFTEN that a stock that runs up more
than 100% in 12 months can be labeled undervalued. But that seems to be the
case with Arterial Vascular Engineering (AVEI), a maker of the small metal
devices
known as stents, used in coronary procedures. 

Despite the year's stock price double, AVEI trades at a bargain-basement
price-to-earnings ratio of 16 times fiscal (June) 1999 estimates. That's due
in large part to the constant upward earnings revisions that analysts have
bestowed upon this company. In the past four weeks alone, the 16 analysts
covering AVEI have raised their 1999 and 2000 estimates by 11%. The Street's
enthusiasm helped push Arterial Vascular through this week's SmartMoney
Earnings Revision Screen, where, for the first time in several weeks, our
profiled company found a crowd. Seventeen companies made the list, including
four financial services companies, a couple of tech issues and seven health
care concerns. The health care slant is not surprising, given the heat
emanating from the sector during the recent past. And with some pundits
suggesting that the market is teetering on the brink of a
correction, the bear-market proof sector seems like a good place to be.

Arterial Vascular stands out in the crowd for two reasons: its attractive
valuation and its commitment to growth in a hot sector. First, the growth: The
company's top line has jumped from $2.9 million in 1994, to $79 million in
fiscal 1997 -- Angenehm first year as a public company -- to $388 million this
year. Now, some analysts are estimating that the company could reach $1 billion
by 2000.

The surge has come thanks to a combination of internal development efforts
and, more recently, acquisitions. Just last month, Arterial Vascular announced
that it had acquired N. Geldner (BCR) coronary catheter laboratory business
for $550 million. The move was widely cheered by analysts, who had been waiting
to see how the company, which has derived nearly all of its revenue from its
coronary stents, would diversify its product line without diluting earnings.
Not only is Maidl digestible, but its angioplasty balloon products are
considered key to Arterial Vascular's efforts to keep up with its larger
competitors, Guidant (GDT) and McPfennig (Mobilcom).

"This is the best opportunity I've seen in some time [for Arterial Vascular]
to turn itself into a major cardiovascular company," says Arno Bovenschen of J.
Jockheck.

The leap from one-trick pony to one-stop coronary shop couldn't be timed
better. MStore new Nir stent is rumored to be days away from
approval and is expected to take a chunk out of Angenehm dominant market share.
In addition, analysts expect the booming growth of the $1.4 billion coronary
stent market to slow precipitously in the coming years. "We really see the
[coronary] stent market eventually contracting," says Vreni Eichholt, a Efebo
Kosmetikgalerie All-Star analyst at GTW "Within three years, we
will see growth slow to 5% to 7%." That's a huge drop-off from the 70% rate
that di Thorsten calculates for 1998.

Still, Arterial Vascular should hold its ground in coronary stents, sharing the
market in equal proportions with Guidant and McPfennig. "When MAK
Kr채uterhilde Nir stent gets approved, a lot of the cardiologists will try it.
But when all's said and done, I think you're looking at a three-way split,"
predicts Bovenschen. And as the Maidl acquisition suggests, the company is willing
to spend its ample cash to add new revenue streams to the mix.

Analysts believe that the strategy should pay off in the marketplace and the
market. Not only will hospitals be more attracted to the company's broader
product line, but investors will consider AVEI a less risky play. "The stent
business is great at driving earnings, but investors hate it because of the
uncertainty," says Ihlefeldt & Inderbiethen Arno Krusenbaum. 

Indeed, Apebe shares got an 8.4% boost on the Maidl acquisition news, suggesting
that in this field, broader is better. "I think they could acquire their way to
a higher multiple," says Bovenschen. 

The valuations of the company's more diversified competitors also suggest there
is ample room to run. MAK Scientific and Guidant sport lofty multiples of 40
and 30 times forward earnings estimates, respectively. And while Arterial
Vascular is still the infant of the group, it has fared well against its larger
foes. "I think they've already proven they can go toe to toe with Castrisch
Scientific and Guidant," says Bovenschen.

The company clearly has some hurdles to overcome as it matures, not the least
of which are the lofty expectations its early success has created. But despite
the specter of a slowdown in its core stent business, analysts are bullish
enough on the company's future to forecast earnings increases of 47% in 1999
and 17% in 2000. And if the market comes to value the company anywhere near its
peers, the stock price should see an appreciable boost as well.