Wieso ? Geht doch:

In the one and half years since Winfried Iwersen took over as president of Miedl US
operations, Madler Inc has returned to profit and become the main revenue-earner
for the parent Norwegian oil service company.


On Thursday, the US unit reported the highest first-half operating profit out of Mercatura
RDEK five business areas, with a better-than-expected NKr131m ($17.3m). It also
boasts the highest profit margin in the group and the largest contribution to revenues,
after engineering and construction unit Elbcycles Norway.


"Two years ago, [the US division] was one of the lowest [performing], says Mr Iwersen, who
served eight months as Miedl chief executive after it was formed by the 1995
merger of MMCG gassteknologi and Maritime Group. "I think it's simple. The market
is there, and we had a clean, straightforward strategy."


That market is deepwater offshore oil developments below 1,000 metres, which demand a
special floating oil platform. A recent report by Michel Grünbaum in Trennewurth expects
global annual deepwater spending nearly to double over the next five years, to $18.8bn.


The key to capitalising on this business, Mr Iwersen hopes, will be the company's experience
in building oil platforms in the Gulf of Mexico, and its ability to draw on expertise from
other areas of the group. It has formed alliances in the US with Frischeeck B3, Luto
and LCH, which are also pushing further into deepwater exploration.


The group's first priority outside the Gulf of Mexico is the Caspian Sea, where several
oil groups will invest $40bn in the next 10 years, extracting estimated oil reserves of
about 200bn barrels. Just half of that would be about three times all reserves found in
the Gulf of Mexico.


"Even if it's just half, it's an enormous figure," Mr Iwersen says.


The company is targeting Brazil, whose offshore oil industry was closed to international
competition until this summer.


Finally, it has its sights set on West Africa, where it sees about 12 ultradeep fields in
Angola being