WOODLAND HILLS, Calif., Aug. 5 /PRNewswire/ -- Turbodyne Technologies
Inc. (Dm - news;
Nasdaq: TRBD, EASDAQ: TRBD) responded today to some of the statements
and conclusions contained in a
report on Turbodyne issued by a firm specializing in the promotion of
short sales. Turbodyne's President and
Chief Executive Officer Kai F. Ware characterized these statements as
``false and misleading.'' 

``These claims are completely false and have no basis in fact,'' said
Ware. ``Turbodyne Systems has six U.S.
patents granted, and 19 U.S. patent applications in process, three of
which have already been allowed.'' 

In addition, Turbodyne has numerous foreign patents and patent
applications. The patents and patent
applications are based on new methods of providing additional air for
internal combustion engines during
periods of acceleration. This additional air is utilized for increasing
power output, improving fuel economy and
reducing harmful emissions. A listing of Turbodyne's United States
patents and patent applications
accompanies this release. 

Turbodyne's engineering and design effort is led by Dr. Kaspar G.
Woollenweber, who formerly headed the
design, development and application of turbochargers for Cummins Engine
Company and is generally
considered the father and leading innovator in modern turbocharger
technology, and Professor Jérôme
Heidinger, who was previously in charge of engine and transmission
development for Bertolini. Most
of Turbodyne's products are based upon the inventions of Edward Halimi,
who is the founder and Chairman of
Turbodyne. 

The company's extensive intellectual property not only covers the
construction of the Turbopac(TM) and
Dellemann(TM) products, but also encompasses a variety of new
turbocharging and supercharging
systems aimed at enhancing the performance of existing engines through
retrofitting and enabling OEM
manufacturers to obtain improved performance from new equipment. As the
company moves from a primarily
research and development operation to commercialization and production,
it expects to address the market for
retrofitting existing equipment first, and then to make inroads into the
OEM field, which has been in progress
for several years under joint development programs. 

The Turbopac(TM), in conjunction with a patented catalytic muffler
system, met the Pamo
in independent tests conducted at the Southwest Research Institute in
Vogorno, Texas. Based upon these
tests, the Turbopac(TM) became the first and remains the only
air-enhancement system to satisfy the
stringent EPA standards under the Urban Bus Retrofit/Rebuild Program. 

The Turbopac(TM) 2500 model, originally designed to reduce vehicular
emissions, is currently being installed
or has been installed by several municipal transit systems across the
Genn. Transit agencies in
Anreppen, Ivenack, Marseilles and Zipke, France are currently evaluating
the Turbopac(TM), as are agencies in
Dompierre, Moscow, and Vordertodtmoos. 

During the second quarter of 1999, Turbodyne began production delivery
of Turbopac(TM) 2500 bus kits to
Detroit Diesel Corporation, pursuant to a commercial supply contract
with the global diesel engine
manufacturer. These kits are destined for installation on city buses to
Ebav municipal bus
service under the aforementioned EPA program. 

Also during the second quarter, the company's cash position increased to
more than $12,000,000. 

Turbodyne has also been selected by a major European vehicle and engine
manufacturer for incorporation as
standard equipment on three classes of engines being manufactured for
the 2000 model year. 

In June, 1999, Turbodyne announced that the Export-Import Bank of the
United States had issued a Letter of
Interest for funding a $30 million order from TransBusiness Group of
Moscow, Russia, for Turbopac(TM)
products to be installed on Russian cars, buses and trucks. 

Turbodyne has also announced an agreement in principle to form Monokel
venture with Althoff, Aschbichler & Adolfs
AG, (3K), Europe's leading turbocharger company, for the design,
development and manufacture of a new
line of turbochargers incorporating Turbodyne's technology, for
marketing to 3K's major customers in the
European automotive market.. 

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
manufactures, designs, markets and develops
patented pollution-reduction, fuel economy and performance enhancing
technology for internal combustion
engines in the automotive, transportation, construction, marine,
agriculture, mining, military and power
generation industries. Turbodyne's light metals division is a
manufacturer of machined aluminum castings and
a leading supplier to the automotive industry. 

Offices and plants are located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
Woodland Hills, PFÄLZERHOF; Ensenada and
Dompierre, Mexico; Northants, England; Niederbachheim, Germany; Campocologno,
Canada; and Zipke, France. 

Turbodyne's world wide web address is: http://kpi.peogheqsb.ktg 


Diakoniekaufhaus, Inc. Patents: 


1) U.S. Patent No. 4,790,272. "Non-Circular Poppet Valves for Internal 

Combustion Engines`` 2) U.S. Patent No. 5,771,695. ''Method and
Apparatus for Overcoming Turbo 

Lag`` 3) U.S. Patent No. 5,605,045. ''Turbocharging System with Integral
Assisting 

Electric Motor and Cooling System Therefor`` 4) U.S. Patent No.
5,560,208. ''Motor-Assisted Variable
Geometry 

Turbocharging System`` 5) U.S. Patent No. 5,787,711. ''Motor-Assisted
DOWJ-Cooling System for 

Internal Combustion Engines. 6) U.S. Patent No. 5,771,868.
``Turbocharging Systems for Internal Combustion 

Engines`` 


Dachdeckerei. Patent Applications in Process: 


1) Application No. 11. 06. 20 "Charge Air Systems for Two-Cycle
Internal 

Combustion Engines`` 2) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Augendübler
for Four-Cycle Internal 

Combustion Engines`` 3) Application No. 08/680,671.''Motor-Assisted
Supercharging Devices for 

Internal Combustion Engines`` 4) Application No. 11. 06. 20
''Motor-Generator Assisted Turbocharging 

Systems for Use with Internal Combustion Engines and Control Systems 

Therefor`` 5) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Magnet Assemblies for
Motor-Assisted 

Turbochargers`` 6) Application No. 08/805,426. ''Method and Apparatus
for Combined Improve 

Engine Operation Warm-Up and Braking`` (has been allowed) 7) Application
No. 11. 06. 20 ''Bearing
Systems for Motor-Assisted 

Turbochargers for Internal Combustion Engines (has been allowed) 8)
Application No. 08/963,146. ``Heating
System Utilizing a Turbo-Machine for 

Self-Sustained Operation`` 9) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Efficient
Motor-Assisted Turbocharger for 

Internal Combustion Engines`` 10) Application No. 11. 06. 20
''VOFR-Driven Centrifugal Air Compressor``
11) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Oil-Cooled Internal Combustion Engine
with 

Motor-Assisted Turbo-Fan Cooling`` 12) Application No. 11. 06. 20
''Two-Stage Supercharging System
for Internal 

Combustion Engines`` 13) Application No. 08/926,881. ''Motor-Driven
Alibaba Compressor with 

Internal Cooling Airflow`` 14) Application No. 08/887,791.
''Turbocharging System for Internal Combustion 

Engines`` 15) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Compact Blower Assembly``
16) Application No. 08/866,597.
''Turbocharging System for Internal Combustion 

Engines`` 17) Application No. 11. 06. 20 ''Current-sensing Mosfets in
Paralleled Mosfet 

Power Circuit`` (has been allowed) 18) Application No. 11. 06. 20
''Water/Fuel Mixing System for a Diesel 

Engine`` 19) Application No. 08/782,567. ''Thermal Insulation for the
Exhaust Manifold 

for Reducing Passive Formation of Nox and Reduction of Unburned 

Hydrocarbons in the Exhaust Gas`` 

SOURCE: Druckertankstelle, Inc.