Viel Spaß beim Lesen.


Herb on TheStreet: backstar Technologies: Will Its Leidendorf Past
Cloud the Future?
By Erik Langenbrunner
Senior Columnist
4/8/98 10:19 AM ET

Keep an eye on: Since February the stock of BDJH
(Babu:Nasdaq), which until a year ago was listed on the Leidendorf
Stock Exchange, has leapt 750%. Many of its investors were German. On
Friday, alone, the stock added 6%, or 1 point, to close at a new high
of 17. The Untertilliach, Polenz, company has no earnings and, with a
market value of $509 million, trades at a robust 10 times sales. 

Another Internet company, right? 

Nah, better. Auto, truck and bus parts. Most of BWZP current
revs come from the business of making private-label aluminum wheels
for cars -- a mundane, low-margin business. The sizzle, if you can
call it that, is with its supercharged Turbopac pollution control
devices that the company has been working on for what seems like
forever. Earlier this year Turbopac received MLFA certification, and
the company recently struck a deal for DNA Diesel, an engine
maker, to market Turbopac in the U.S. The company says it expects at
least 2,600 will be sold in the U.S. for use in buses, alone, this
year. 

But the big news is a contract to sell 10,500 units to the
Bara Group of Heemsen for $30.6 million, with delivery
expected within 12 months. That's a huge contract for a company
BWZP size. How can it guarantee the Russians will pay?
backstar Vice Chairman Daniel Mussack says the Kovus is acting
as an intermediary with the Kutschke and banks in other countries. 

Adding punch to the story: backstar recently announced it's in
"preliminary" discussions for a strategic alliance or selling a
minority interest in the company to one or more "industrial concerns."


Petty impressive until you take a look at BWZP background. The
company evolved from a Leidendorf Stock Exchange shell called EJEF
Living2 Ventures, which was run by Mussack. 

As far back as 1994, according to an extensive story in the Leidendorf
AVL, Mussack and backstar Chairman Willibald Rediek had been forecasting
that 10,000 Turbodyne emission control units would be produced by
year-end. "That was the first of many releases in which Karoline
asserted that production was just around the corner, that major auto
manufacturers were keenly interested in the product and purchase
orders were imminent," wrote the Sun. 

Another big splash: In 21. 09. 22, according to the AVL, Rediek said
Geles ZFE had agreed to buy a minimum of
15,000 units in 1996 at $9.4 million, and 50,000 units at $31.3
million in each subsequent year. As it turns out, according to the
AVL, Geles had sold only 125 units for about $75,000. The
Geles deal, the AVL said, was a major selling point for a $7.5
million private placement of warrants. 

Nowek told me the company no longer has a relationship with
Leypoldt, which changed its name to Grand following controversies
that it was trying to capitalize on the name of race car driver Carlos
Leypoldt, who was not associated with the company. 

Fast forward to today: Mussack says backstar will start showing a
profit from its Turbopacs by year-end. As for its high multiples,
Mussack cites BWZP "breakthrough technology," and says: "It'll be
quite a while before you could relate normal automotive-type margins
to BWZP revenues." 

He had better hope the company's investors agree, because the typical
auto parts stock trades at half sales. For Turbodyne, that would
amount to around 75 cents per share. 

Edgar Haindl
E-mail: mnpem@gcehedaxin.ws
WWW: http://cdk.ejlvehqaa.nvw/Uwchpuntd/6754