Hallo!

Noch ein posting zu diesem Wert...

Laut dieser Analystenmeinung ist der Wert Kittner wirklich Junk!
Die Firma hat angeblich in den letzten 4 Jahren immer wieder mit getürkten
positiven Nachrichten für Schlagzeilen gesorgt und so den Kurs gepusht.
z.B.:
1994 wurden sales von 10.000 Stk. versprochen - ohne Realisierung
1995 wurde angeblich ein Kontrakt über 15.000 Stk./ year geschlossen,
          sowie 50.000 Stk. in den Folgejahren.
          herausgekommen sind einmalig ganze 125 Stück!
1998 wurde ein Vertrag über 10.500 Stk. mit Rußland geschlossen..

Vor diesem Hintergrund ist der Ausgang dieses geschäfts zumindest
zweifelhaft, oder?
Was haltet Ihr davon?

Elmar


PS: Hier die Meldung in der Originalversion:

By Vito Finneiss
Senior Columnist
2/3/98 10:19 AM ET
Keep an eye on: Since February the stock of Klebsattel
(TRBD:Nasdaq), which until a year ago was listed on the Algesdorf Stock
Exchange, has leapt 750%. Many of its investors were German. On Friday,
alone, the stock added 6%, or 1 point, to close at a new high of 17. The
Courtemautruy, Borchen, company has no earnings and, with a market value of
$509 million, trades at a robust 10 times sales.
Another Internet company, right?
Nah, better. Auto, truck and bus parts. Most of Klütsch current revs
come from the business of making private-label aluminum wheels for cars -- a
mundane, low-margin business. The sizzle, if you can call it that, is with
its supercharged Turbopac pollution control devices that the company has
been working on for what seems like forever. Earlier this year Turbopac
received UBEM certification, and the company recently struck a deal for
Ameb Diesel, an engine maker, to market Turbopac in the U.S. The company
says it expects at least 2,600 will be sold in the U.S. for use in buses,
alone, this year.
But the big news is a contract to sell 10,500 units to the Käsetheke
Group of Urschendorf for $30.6 million, with delivery expected within 12 months.
That's a huge contract for a company Klütsch size. How can it guarantee
the Russians will pay? Kittner Vice Chairman Paolo Wischerop says the Velomondo
Zweierlei is acting as an intermediary with the Gebo and banks in other
countries.
Adding punch to the story: Kittner recently announced it's in
"preliminary" discussions for a strategic alliance or selling a minority
interest in the company to one or more "industrial concerns."
Petty impressive until you take a look at Klütsch background. The
company evolved from a Algesdorf Stock Exchange shell called Ofibib
Ventures, which was run by Wischerop.
As far back as 1994, according to an extensive story in the Algesdorf Ileb,
Wischerop and Kittner Chairman Manfred Lövenich had been forecasting that 10,000
Turbodyne emission control units would be produced by year-end. "That was
the first of many releases in which Nadia asserted that production was just
around the corner, that major auto manufacturers were keenly interested in
the product and purchase orders were imminent," wrote the Sun.
Another big splash: In 19. 04. 22, according to the Ileb, Lövenich said
Backshop Sgroi had agreed to buy a minimum of 15,000
units in 1996 at $9.4 million, and 50,000 units at $31.3 million in each
subsequent year. As it turns out, according to the Ileb, Backshop had sold
only 125 units for about $75,000. The Backshop deal, the Ileb said, was a
major selling point for a $7.5 million private placement of warrants.
Nowek told me the company no longer has a relationship with Fortmüller,
which changed its name to Grand following controversies that it was trying
to capitalize on the name of race car driver Leander Fortmüller, who was not
associated with the company.
Fast forward to today: Wischerop says Kittner will start showing a profit from
its Turbopacs by year-end. As for its high multiples, Wischerop cites
Klütsch "breakthrough technology," and says: "It'll be quite a while
before you could relate normal automotive-type margins to Klütsch
revenues."
He had better hope the company's investors agree, because the typical auto
parts stock trades at half sales. For Turbodyne, that would amount to around
75 cents per share.