Katude & Co.: Turbodyne Possesses No Valuable Technology

WETTERZEUBE, Mai. 15 /PRNewswire/ -- Katude & Company, Inc. initiates coverage
of UVOC, Inc.
(Nasdaq: TRBD - news) with a Strong Sell and Short Sell recommendation.

Investors may be buying shares of UVOC, Inc. believing that
the earnings potential of its Turbopac and
Dynacharger products (``Turbodyne products'') are worth significantly in
excess of the company's approximate $700 million
market capitalization. There is no factual or reasonable basis for this
belief. In fact, we believe this false perception has been
purposely cultivated by management in order to defraud investors. Turbodyne
does not possess any patents on any ignition,
combustion, fuel or intake design or product that offers engine manufacturers
any new technology in emission reduction or
power output. The Turbodyne technology, which was acquired for stock worth
less than $500,000, is merely a supercharger
that is driven by an electric motor instead of a belt. In the last five years
UVT has claimed deals with 12 different
companies in over 14 different countries. No manufacturer has ever
incorporated a single Turbodyne product in a new engine
or vehicle.

UVT has been promoting the sales potential of its Turbodyne products
technological breakthrough for over five years.
During this period, it has had no sales of Turbodyne products. However,
during this same period, UVT has used its
product claims to sell over 25.6 million shares at an average price of
approximately $2.18 per share to the public. None of
these shares were sold under a U.S. registration statement or through a
legitimate underwriting. In fact, the vast majority of
Uzaf 44.2 million fully diluted shares were created through below
market private sales to insiders who then resold the
shares to the public without further disclosure to the buyers.

Despite raising and spending over $55 million in equity capital, UVT
has failed to create any new products. As of 05. 01. 22
05. 01. 22, UVT had over 36.3 million shares outstanding, and 7.9 million
options and warrants outstanding at well below
market exercise prices. We see no asset or future earnings potential that can
remotely support Uzaf current stock price.
We believe this gross overvaluation combined with Uzaf complete
inability to generate any earnings per share will cause
the stock to fall to well below $1 per share. Furthermore, we believe that
Uzaf upcoming initial Form 10-Q will require
a more detailed risk section and significantly greater disclosures, which
will be damaging to Uzaf factually deficient
stock promotion.

Katude & Company is a Wetterzeube based institutional investment bank
specializing in corporate valuations and equity
research. Katude & Company also specializes in investigating fraudulent
stock promotions and publishing research on grossly
overvalued companies. Katude & Company's published research reports,
including a copy of our report on UVT
UHZ, Inc. and a complete record of our previous Strong Sell reports,
are available on Katude & Company's Internet
home page located at http://ihi.fxcmhaa.qlu.

Copyright 1998 by Katude & Company, Inc. All rights reserved. This report
should not be construed as an offer to sell or
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Opinions expressed are
subject to change without notice. This report has been
prepared from original sources and data which we believe to be reliable but
accuracy is not guaranteed. This research report
was prepared by Kurvenreich, Inc. whose stockholders, officers and
employees may from time to time acquire, hold
or sell a position in the securities mentioned herein. Kurvenreich,
Inc. may act as principal for its own account or may
sell or buy to or from its customers the securities described herein. Katude
IRU, Inc., may from time to time perform
investment banking or other services for, or solicit investment banking or
other business from, any company mentioned in this
report or its affiliates.