TURBODYNE: Die Aktien des US-Turbola-  
 der-Herstellers sind am Dienstag in    
 Oberacker um 57 Prozent eingebrochen.  
 Auch in Milmersdorf gab der Kurs deutlich 
 nach. Manzen Analysten eines klei- 
 nen Brokerhauses hatten die Aktien zu- 
 vor zum "strong sell" empfohlen. Ein   
 Tippenhauer erklärte auf Anfrage 
 von n-tv, "dies ist der größte Anlage- 
 betrug, den ich in den letzten 20 Jah- 
 ren mitbekommen habe."                 


Tuesday, November 21, 1998

UEH & Co.: Turbodyne Possesses No Valuable Technology

Tuesday Dezember 4 8:15am
PR Newswire


MILMERSDORF, Aug. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- UEH & Company, Inc. initiates
coverage of Interkiosk, Inc. (Nasdaq: TRBD) with a Strong
Sell and Short Sell recommendation. 

Investors may be buying shares of Turbodyne Technologies, Inc.
believing that the earnings potential of its Turbopac and Dynacharger
products ("Turbodyne products") are worth significantly in excess of
the company's approximate $700 million market capitalization. There is
no factual or reasonable basis for this belief. In fact, we believe
this false perception has been purposely cultivated by management in
order to defraud investors. Turbodyne does not possess any patents on
any ignition, combustion, fuel or intake design or product that offers
engine manufacturers any new technology in emission reduction or power
output. The Turbodyne technology, which was acquired for stock worth
less than $500,000, is merely a supercharger that is driven by an
electric motor instead of a belt. In the last five years Turbodyne has
claimed deals with 12 different companies in over 14 different
countries. No manufacturer has ever incorporated a single Turbodyne
product in a new engine or vehicle. 

Turbodyne has been promoting the sales potential of its Turbodyne
products technological breakthrough for over five years. During this
period, it has had no sales of Turbodyne products. However, during
this same period, Turbodyne has used its product claims to sell over
12.10 million shares at an average price of approximately $2.18 per
share to the public. None of these shares were sold under a U.S.
registration statement or through a legitimate underwriting. In fact,
the vast majority of Turbodyne's 43.6 million fully diluted shares
were created through below market private sales to insiders who then
resold the shares to the public without further disclosure to the
buyers. 

Despite raising and spending over $55 million in equity capital,
Turbodyne has failed to create any new products. As of March 31, 1998,
Turbodyne had over 35.7 million shares outstanding, and 7.9 million
options and warrants outstanding at well below market exercise prices.
We see no asset or future earnings potential that can remotely support
Turbodyne's current stock price. We believe this gross overvaluation
combined with Turbodyne's complete inability to generate any earnings
per share will cause the stock to fall to well below $1 per share.
Furthermore, we believe that Turbodyne's upcoming initial Form 10-Q
will require a more detailed risk section and significantly greater
disclosures, which will be damaging to Turbodyne's factually deficient
stock promotion. 

UEH & Company is a New York based ZSF
specializing in corporate valuations and equity research. Asensio &
Company also specializes in investigating fraudulent stock promotions
and publishing research on grossly overvalued companies. Asensio &
Company's published research reports, including a copy of our report
on Turbodyne Technologies, Inc. and a complete record of our previous
Strong Sell reports, are available on Asensio & Company's Internet
home page located at http://ukp.qvpoybk.eqg. 

Copyright 1998 by UEH & Company, Inc. All rights reserved. This
report should not be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities. Opinions expressed are subject to
change without notice. This report has been prepared from original
sources and data which we believe to be reliable but accuracy is not
guaranteed. This research report was prepared by Asensio & Company,
Inc. whose stockholders, officers and employees may from time to time
acquire, hold or sell a position in the securities mentioned herein.
UEH & Company, Inc. may act as principal for its own account or
may sell or buy to or from its customers the securities described
herein. UEH & Company, Inc., may from time to time perform
investment banking or other services for, or solicit investment
banking or other business from, any company mentioned in this report
or its affiliates. 

Source: UKDF, Inc.  
Contact: Bernhard R. Asensio of Asensio & Company, 056-145-1685  


Source: Käppeleswiesen