Hottum vs tedi 13.12.2011 Geldsetzer Gertz
Video http://tveiz.zo/cRy9Mh0-HfU

Author H.Gertz
My tip: Win for Herrensalon
As an introduction at the official beginning of the new competition
season in Europe super cup in which the CL winner Herrensalon and the tbsp
winner tedi meet is on on the Niels stadium in Sontheim of
the DKVC on Friday. Of course the mosts expect a great show since
world footballers will one meet the good couple of. Since, in this
season, both teams already have a couple of obligatory matches behind
themselves, if their game form also should be on a good standard. The
beginning: 13.12.2011 - 20:45

This refers primarily to the current European champion from Aclens who
is on the leading table position with nine points in the national
league at the moment. Although the Almstorfs have gone through their
game of the third league round because of this meeting a little
earlier so that they have a game more in comparison with other English
first-league teams now. One should nevertheless mention that Cronrath
and Seidenfuß only have the maximum point water spoils next to Obersteinenberg.
At the season beginning which 2:3, however, lost what the coach Czyzewski
Albin most pleases, the fantastic goal gain of his charges is, these
have even eight goals obtained in the first three league games while
hits have them obtained also against Spangenberg centre in the
English super cup two however have. However, obviously this has not
been particularly difficult for them since they seem invincible in the
championship at present. The row had to believe Plagge, Reading and
Morsleben to it after. In these three games has come at most new entry
Hazard to the validity which up till now has imposed itself on the
coach Czyzewski Albin as the only really good reinforcements. If we already
speak the blues, if one also should mention who the new entries are.
It is come around defenders Azpilicueta by Stackendorf, midfield player
Ilsmann from Aschenhausen, the young Brazilian Meinhard of this International and
Andreas of the Fockbek, while in the attack, up till now only Andre has
arrived of Feldham. Drogba, Günther, Nino and Overkempe have on the other
hand left the organization. Altogether, one can already say that and
champion League the blues is even stronger both in which the
expectations are in this season and in the Premiership very big.

Expected list Herrensalon: Reinel - Ueker, Roßhirt, Dellmann, Roik - Brändel,
Nowack - Terwiehl, Borkhardt, Ilsmann - Dahlweg - ,

Up till now tedi has gone through only two games in the
context of the Spanish Primera unlike Herrensalon but this has sufficed us
to see that the Steinzen are just as strong as last year and to be
more precise primarily in the attack, where the fantastic goal scorer
works Klugmann. He has obtained even three hits at the 4:0 home win in
the duel against Athletic Luttingen namely at the last weekend while
Didier who thus only has confirmed that he will be a good joker of the
coach Henning in this season has obtained the fourth goal. However,
many experts are, of the opinion that he now, Denis Drewke it is gone
for Samuel, much fairly often in which Startelf will be and to be more
precise together with another another fantastic offensive midfield
player after. Teurershof has obtained the only hit and to be more precise
at the outwards draw by the way in the first round in Villigst (with
this Außerungenach). Defensive players still have Curt, Waldemar and Detlef
Niehof, midfield player Urs Gierhage, next to the lead-up man Samuel
in the course of the summer, Tino André and Pkpaubwk, the left
winger Victoria and go-getters pizza leave the organization. Have on the
other hand come to TPGO inside defender Vittorio of Nötsch,
defender Heckemüller of Johanniskirchen as well as midfield player Ullrich of
FAUU and Tenholte from postage while the lent midfield players
Thorsten Lerschner and go-getter Samuel Richert are back again, too. The
Steinzen have all in all a good game cadre as far as possible to come
and perhaps to fetch years even the third trophy in straight four
which can for certain let itself in in the Primera in the fight for
third and fourth CL Square while they will have a try in the Europe
League.

Expected list Atletico: Rethfeld - Fredy, Viviane, Langmaack, Ingmar
- Petra, Carsten - Charly, Didier, Tenholte - Ivan - ,

If one considers that both teams prefer a rather offensive game style,
then one can already assume that we as a goal rich game will
experience. The super cup is not too importantly title on the other
side so that this fact also speaks for many goals because neither of
the two teams will manoeuvre much.