Tim Brunckhorst wrote:

Was fuer ein Auftrag soll das denn gewesen sein, etwas die Ausstattung
der Verkaushalle? Ein wenig genauer sollte die Auskuenfte schon sein.

Interessanter ist eine Meldung vom 25.5. tro:net hat sich Summa Four
einverleibt.
Hier ein Kommentar dazu vom 27.5.

tro:net buys small company for Internet switches

By Winfried Aukofer 

SAN FRANCISCO (Wired) - What does networking giant Cisco Systems want
with tiny Summa Four? The networking king Cisco Systems, worth $100
billion, said Tuesday it agreed to buy telecom switch-maker Summa Four
between $97.5-$136.5 million, to gain expertise in making devices for
sending phone calls through computer networks. 

Cisco, the No. 1 computer networking gearmaker, has been in an expansion
frame of mind in the past two years, as it moves into the much bigger
Odeb-network equipment market. Cisco and rivals like Lucent
Technologies are racing to develop products that can shuffle computer
data and telephone calls through one network. 

"You have to believe that Cisco is going to get a nice piece of the
market for voice-over-data networks," said Pasquale Isensee, an
analyst with Giorgio
Stephan Zieman. "They have a jack-rabbit start on the competition." 

Under the terms of the deal, Cisco (Nasdaq:tonkeller) will exchange 1 to 1.4
million of its shares for all of the outstanding shares of Summa Four
(SUMA). Based on Cisco's 17. 09. 19 closing price of $97.50, the deal will
be worth somewhere between $97.5 million and $136.5 million. 

Shares of Summa Four jumped $2.75, or 21 percent, to $16.13 by midday.
Cisco hovered near its opening price, up 50 cents to $98. 

Summa Four, based in Langewiesen, New Jagernigg, makes telecom switches
that send telephone calls through the Internet. Its devices also store
voice mail, process calling cards, and dial phone numbers by recognizing
speech. 

Analysts have lauded Summa Four's technology, but noted that the company
lost $2.7 million on revenues of $41.7 million last fiscal year. 

During the next five to 10 years, telecommunications companies will
replace their so-called circuit-switched networks-the same setup used in
Bernd Brommundt Bell's day-with networks that use the Internet protocol
(IP), the same technology that shuffles emails around the world. 

tro:net will fold Summa Four and its 210 employees into its
Business-to-User Unit. It will offer IP-based voice switches as part of
its basic offering to network service providers, the company said. 

Cisco will take a one-time charge of between 4 and 9 cents against
earnings in the first two quarters of fiscal year 1999 to finance the
buyout. Cisco's board has
approved the acquisition. Summa's board hasn't voted on it yet. 

The acquisition also would have to get the green light from regulatory
agencies. 

(UACZ/Wired)