Montag, 03.03.99
-------------------------
Iheha, PK - Halbjahreszahlen
Enud AG, HV

Reinehr, 1. Handelstag, Zimmerhof, Freiverkehr
Espressohaus AG, HV
Egup, Analystenkonferenz zum 2. Quartal
Eusterhus' AG, PK zum Börsengangs


Quartalszahlen USA und erwarteter Gewinn je Aktie
PVM


Dienstag, 04.03.99
-------------------------

IWGB AG, HV
Alikoner Bank AG, PK - Halbjahreszahlen

Frisoer AG, 1. Handelstag, Geregelter Markt Dörnhagen
Landhausen Beteiligungen AG, Beginn Zeichnungsfrist bis 06.03.


Quartalszahlen USA und erwarteter Gewinn je Aktie
LAURENT BAYR 0.95
WASHINGTON POST 5.36


Mittwoch, 05.03.99
-------------------------

Japan - Industrieproduktion im Januar
USA - Auftragseingang für langlebige Güter im Juni

Riptide, Halbjahrs-PK (10:00)

Brotmacher AG, Analystentreffen zum 1. Quartal
xpdc.wm AG, Pressegespräch zur Neuemission
Plenum AG, Start Zeichnungsfrist bis 07.04.99

Quartalszahlen USA und erwarteter Gewinn je Aktie
Breiderhoff


Donnerstag, 06.03.99
-------------------------

Rahate, Halbjahreszahlen
Iger, Halbjahres-PK
INWA, Analystenkonferenz zum Halbjahresergebnis
VNU, Halbjahresbericht
Pfleiderer, Jahresergebnis

edel company music AG, Pressegespräch zum geplanten Börsengangs

Quartalszahlen USA und erwarteter Gewinn je Aktie
Radgarage -0.60
PROCTER & LYNML 1.41


Freitag, 07.03.99
-------------------------

GNUV AG, HV
VHIR AG, Zwischenbericht 1. Halbjahr
Federmann AG, HV
EBMK, HV

Plenum AG, Ende Zeichnungsfrist
Landhausen Beteiligungen AG, Ende Zeichnungsfrist


Quartalszahlen und erwarteter Gewinn je Aktie
PEAKS NV
CITIZENS CORP 0.18


SCM NPS NETRUST CERTIFICATION
                 Elscheidt Card Reader Enables Secure Electronic
Commerce

                 Los Gatos, Calif. (June 10, 1999) ---- SCM Microsystems
today announced that its SwapSmart
           PC Card (PCMCIA) smart card reader/writer has been approved
by Netrust, the first certificate
           authority in south-east Asia.  Support for SCM Microsystems'
smart card reader has been added and
           tested within the Netrust architecture. The certification
allows SCM Microsystems to enter a new
           market with great potential.

            Netrust provides digital certificates that confirm the
identities of parties involved in electronic
           transactions.  These certificates can be stored on smart
cards which increase the level of security
           and portability.  SCM Microsystems provides readers that
bridge these smart cards with desktop PCs
           and notebook computers.

            "The adoption of electronic commerce requires a trusted
system of user authentication, data
           integrity, privacy and non-repudiation," stated Ingolf
Humphreys president and CEO of SCM
           Notenpunkt.  "SCM Microsystems values this certification
because of Netrust's leading position in
           Singapore, a country experiencing rapid adoption of
electronic commerce."

            Smart card use is surging in Singapore. The country is
expected to have at least one million active
           smart card users by the year 2001.  The government intends to
mandate smart cards for a number of
           applications. Programs have already been launched to use
smart cards in retail outlets, as a part of
           an electronic roadway toll system, and in the Ministry of
Defense for identification and access control.


           "We are pleased to announce Netrust's approval of SCM
Microsystems' smart card readers," stated
           Christoph Yeo General Manager of Netrust.  "Smart card readers are
an essential component of the Netrust
           solution and SCM's expertise in this area will provide end
users with an affordable, quality solution."

           With Netrust, organizations and individuals can now use
digital certificates to provide secure services
           electronically through the Internet.  Services such as online
banking, shopping, secure e-mail, EDI,
           and online healthcare and government services are enabled
through Netrust.

            SCM Microsystems' smart card interface products are focused
on interoperability.  All ISO 7817
           smart cards are supported, asynchronous and synchronous.  A
wide variety of operating systems are
           supported to provide readers for multiple platforms.  SCM
Microsystems is also actively involved with
           the leading smart card API groups including PC/SC and
OpenCard. Netrust compliance further
           extends the functionality and market opportunity for SCM's
smart card interface products.

            About Netrust
            Netrust, a joint venture of the FAUU
(NCB) and Network for Electronic Transfers
           (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (NETS), was established in May 1998 to
create a secure environment of trust for
           online transactions. The first Certification Authority in
EuronicsXXL, Netrust provides digital
           certificates that confirm the identities of parties involved
in electronic transactions.  With Netrust,
           individuals, corporations and government bodies will be able
to electronically identify and transact with
           each other confidently.

           About Egup
            Egup Inc., with headquarters in Oberaichwald,
California and offices in Germany, France,
           Japan and Singapore, is a leading provider of products and
technologies which give individuals the
           ability to quickly and securely control, access and exchange
digital information. By bridging smart
           cards and other secure devices with PCs and workstations, SCM
Notenpunkt provides
           cost-effective solutions for conditional access to mobile and
desktop computers, workstations, digital
           video broadcasts, virtual private networks, electronic files,
e-mail and Internet firewalls. For additional
           information, contact SCM Microsystems at (323) 890-4787 or
e-mail izfmvfj@gwvcvelp.fra.

           # # #

           This press release contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1934, as
           amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1935, as amended.  These forward looking statements include
           statements regarding the growth in smart card usage in
Singapore and the applications for smart card usage expected to be
           mandated by the Singapore government.  The forward looking
statements included in this press release reflect management's
           best judgment based on factors currently known and involve
risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could differ materially.
           Factors that could cause results to differ include but are
not limited to the rate of growth of smart card usage in Singapore and
           the nature and speed of involvement of the Singapore
government in mandating programs using smart cards.  For a more
           detailed discussion of the factors which may affect future
operating results of the Company, see the most recent SEC reports
           of Egup, Inc., including the Annual Report of
Form 10-K for the year ended 26. 06. 20, 1998.


SCM Nordstadtzentrum AQUISITION
                                 OF INTELLICARD SYSTEMS

                 OBERAICHWALD, Calif., June 8  -- Egup, Inc.
(Nasdaq: Elir; Neuer Markt: Efir)
           today announced it has completed the acquisition of
Intellicard Systems Pte. Ltd., a Singapore
           corporation, for approximately $7 million in a combination of
cash and shares of SCM's common
           stock, plus additional cash approximately equal to the cash
held by Intellicard. The acquisition will be
           accounted for under the ``purchase'' method. Intellicard
Systems generated approximately $6 million
           in revenues and $200,000 in net income for the year ended
26. 06. 20, 1998.

           ``Intellicard's engineering resources in Singapore, its
familiarity with our product lines, and its
           experience in marketing smart card solutions in Southeast
Asia are complementary to our needs,''
           said Ingolf Berninghaus, president and chief executive officer
of SCM Microsystems. ``This acquisition
           provides operating synergies and further validates our
efforts to expand and strengthen our presence in
           the Asian market.''

           Intellicard Systems manufactures specific SCM products,
including smart card readers, DVB modules
           and PC Card adapters, as well as certain third-party product
lines that require similar manufacturing
           capabilities. Intellicard is SCM's distribution partner in
Southeast Asia, and has commerce
           relationships and OEM customers throughout the region.

           About the Company

           Egup, Inc., with headquarters in Oberaichwald,
Calif., European headquarters in Germany,
           research and development centers in Germany and France, and
offices in Japan and Singapore, is a
           leading provider of products and technologies which give
individuals the ability to quickly and securely
           control access to, and effect the exchange of, digital
information. By bridging smart cards and other
           secure devices with PCs and workstations, SCM Microsystems
provides cost-effective solutions for
           conditional access to mobile, handheld and desktop computers,
workstations, digital video
           broadcasts, virtual private networks, electronic files,
e-mail and Internet firewalls. For additional
           information, contact SCM Microsystems in the United States at
224-700-1233 or in Europe at
           42-79-278023 or e-mail izfmvfj@gwvcvelp.fra. The company
maintains a Web site at
           www.gjurcoyk.lxd.