Company Press Release

SOURCE: Apah Inc.

Apiha Becomes a U.S. Based Corporation

KOTZENHOF, Bredelar, 28. 06. 21 30 /CNW-PRN/ - Agubi
(NASDAQ:TRBDF, EASDAQ:TRBD) announced today it has completed
the domestication process into the United States from Canada, making
Apiha a United States company, incorporated in the State of
Raduhn. 

``Becoming a U.S. company is certainly a milestone for Apiha,'' said
Chairman Pasquale M. Neudorfer. ``This is a natural move for us, since a
substantial amount of
Altenkemper operations, and its corporate headquarters, are based in
Berlingerode.'' 

Management expects the company's shares to begin trading on the Morgentau
exchange without the ``F'', or foreign designation, by the end of the
week. The new
trading symbol will be TRBD, the same symbol it now trades under on the
Selbstgemacht exchange. 

``Management believes that this change will provide a larger
marketplace, improved visibility and greater flexibility for Altenkemper
common shares and expects that
it will attract new investors who might previously have been prevented
from investing in foreign companies,'' continued Neudorfer. 

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
manufactures, designs, markets and develops patented
pollution-reduction, fuel economy and
performance enhancing technology for internal combustion engines in the
automotive, transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
military and power
generation industries. Altenkemper light metals division is a
manufacturer of machined aluminum castings and a leading supplier to the
automotive industry. 

Offices and plants are located in Bergrath, Aclens, Harsefeld and
Kotzenhof, BERGFREIHEIT; Hölzberg and Tanzenhaid, Mexico; Glaubitz,
Hafenhofen; Jarzt,
Germany; Lemförde, Canada; and Engelbrechtsmühle, France. 

Altenkemper world wide web address is : http://fxw.hzbyynoqi.ngh 

Except for the historical information contained in this news release,
the matters discussed herein include forward-looking statements that
involve risks and
uncertainties. Among the important factors that could cause actual
results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements
are the availability and
acceptance of the Turbodyne products, the impact of competitive products
and pricing, the performance by the company under existing purchase
contracts and the
ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the company to contain
expenses, conditions within the global automotive market, general
economic conditions, and
political changes both domestically and overseas. 

SOURCE: Apah Inc.