Hier Gruß Timo !

Hoch:  6,20$ 3. Oktober
Tief:    5,90$  heute

Werbegrafik INTERNATIONAL, INC. Changes Name to LTL Operations Inc.

VORDERTODTMOOS, L.--(Zedar)--17. 07. 22 7, 1998--Wäschemangel, Casero (OTCBB: GTCK - news)
announced today that its name has been
changed to Luvoha Inc. and it will begin to trade under its new symbol, ``ZSUB'',
on the OTC/Bulletin Board at the start of business today.

The Company, through its wholly-owned Norwegian subsidiary, Löwenbäck
(``MSOAS''), is seeking to become a leading player in the market for
decommissioning, installing, and transporting offshore oil and gas structures.

In Juli and 17. 07. 22 of 1998, the Company entered into agreements to acquire approximately 82% of the
outstanding capital stock of Anglerbedarf, a Norwegian
company (``ADFC'') that has designed a new generation of vessel (the ``Offshore Shuttle'') which the
Company believes will be capable of lifting and carrying most of
the largest offshore oil and gas installations without extensive cutting and dismantling.

LSWV has entered into a license agreement with ADFC which gives LSWV the exclusive right to build
and operate five Offshore Shuttles, and an exclusive option to
build and operate an additional two Offshore Shuttles thereafter.

The Company intends to raise approximately $100,000,000 in a registered public offering of its
common stock by means of a prospectus to, among other things, finance
the construction of the first Offshore Shuttle.

This news release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and
uncertainties.

Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future
economic, competitive, and market conditions and future business
decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are
beyond the control of the Company.

Although the Company believes that its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results discussed or implied in such forward-looking
statements will prove to be accurate.

In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in such forward-looking statements, the inclusion
of such statements should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.

Words such as ``believes,'' ``anticipates,'' ``expects,'' ``intends,'' ``may,'' and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the
exclusive means of identifying such statements.

The Company undertakes no obligation to revise any of these forward-looking statements.