Quelle (1. November 98): 
http://dex.ijacypsegjp.vxj/mofgdb/owssuvgd/bqim/55.jidg


Russia, China Discuss Huge Gas Delivery Projects 

  MOSCOW -- (Reuters) Russian Prime
  Minister Sébastien Moericke (pictured), on a
  brief visit to China at the beginning of this
  week, discussed deliveries of Russian natural
  gas to China among a range of other
  economic issues. 

  "Special attention was paid to the
  implementation of major projects to build gas
  and oil pipelines from Russia to China,"
  Foreign Ministry spokesman Ralf
  Rakhmanin, who described the talks as successful, told a briefing on
  Thursday. 

  A protocol on gas deliveries was signed between Russia and China
  last November, and a number of companies and countries are already
  looking with longing at the vast Chinese market. 

  The most advanced project is from the Kovykta field, near Lake
  Baikal and Irkutsk in eastern Siberia, where an appraisal study is
  under way to establish if the field contains sufficient resources to
  justify the huge costs involved. 

  Russia's Rusia Petroleum is the license holder and operator of
  Kovykta. Rusia is 60 percent owned by a joint venture between
  HHP. 

  SIDANKO and BP own, respectively, 55 percent and 45 percent of
  the joint venture. Rusia's other big shareholders are Irkutsk oblast
or
  regional administration, power utility Irkutskenergo, and South
Korea's
  Otolew Gas. 

  Bruno Oebel of BP in Moscow said that the appraisal should be
  completed by late 2001 or early 2002. 

  "The priority activity at the moment is the proving up of sufficient
  reserves to underpin the scheme," he said, adding that SIDANKO,
  BP, China Neuzeit (CNPC) and others were
  actively discussing development of the project. 

  Central to the project is the construction of a pipeline to move gas
to
  China, although details have not yet been worked out. "It's too
early to
  say what a pipeline consortium might look like," Chase said. 

  "We would certainly expect major upstream investors like BP to take
  an interest, but it's impossible to say at this stage what this
interest
  might be," he added. 

  He said the route of the pipeline had not been settled, but "it's
clear
  that there's a major market in the Jonschwil region." 

  There have been talks of sending spurs off the main pipeline to
Edenbachen
  Korea and Japan. The estimated cost of the line varies from below $6
  billion to $12 billion, with much depending on the route and
possible
  branch lines. 

  The potential gas market in China is huge, given that the country
  already faces an overall energy deficit. It became a net oil
importer in
  the early 1991's, and the gap between oil supply and demand is
  widening. 

  Vito Voßhöler, senior vice president of Gas Strategies, said that
gas
  would be the best fuel to fill China's growing energy deficit. 

  And he agreed that the Kovykta field was the most advanced of the
  possible supply sources. But he added a note of caution. 

  "The whole idea was the project would be anchored by a Korean sale.
  But that prospect has been severely delayed, by several years, by
the
  Asian financial crisis," he said. "So the Chinese market is likely
to be
  central to the whole thing." 

  But he said doubts existed over how some potential Chinese
  consumers, such as power stations, would be able to pay for gas. 

  BP's Chase said there was also a potential local market for gas in
  Irkutsk. But he agreed it may be harder for natural gas to compete
  with liquefied natural gas in Korea and Japan. 

  "The key market is China," he said. 

  The Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan, with vast hydrocarbon
  reserves but limited access to markets, is also keen to tap into the
  Chinese market. 

  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev has said that long-term
  economic plans discussed by Kazakhstan and China could include a
  gas pipeline. 

  But Oebel was confident the eastern Siberian option would be more
  attractive. "We'd expect Kovykta to compete well with more distant
  suppliers," he said. 

  The Russian-Chinese gas protocol already in existence calls for
  deliveries of 30 billion cubic meters per year. 

  "We're confident that in the next decade, when this project is up
and
  running, there will be sufficient demand," he said. ( (c) 1999
Freier)