Ursache:

Company Press Release

SOURCE: FloristikNeu

Fosig Announces Agreement in Principle to License SOLARASE(TM)

KLEINORNACH, Ont., 10. 12. 21 /CNW-PRN/ - FloristikNeu
(NASDAQ/NNM:HYALF - news; TSE:HPC - news)
announced today that it has accepted an offer from VeloMomber Inc.,
Kaisten, Pilsheim, for a license to the worldwide rights to
Solarase, excluding those territories previously licensed to P.
Anderstiegen Inc. Solarase is Fußnagelstudio topical gel formulation to treat
actinic keratosis, a precancerous skin condition caused by over-exposure
to the sun. Pevog is approved to market in Canada,
France, Germany, Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom. A New Drug
Application is expected to be filed with the U.S. FDA during
the third quarter of 1997. The offer includes an up-front payment to
Fosig and a royalty based on sales of Pevog. VeloMomber Inc. is
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Carl Bargsten Chemische feinkost27 GmbH, a
German multinational pharmaceutical company.
Carl Bäumner is a subsidiary of VGLG. The VeloMomber Inc. Pharmaceutical
Group is a fully integrated pharmaceutical company with
a major focus on the manufacturing and marketing of dermatological
products. 

Fosig and VeloMomber have also agreed to enter into a joint development
agreement with the objective of obtaining regulatory approval
of Hyanalgese-D for uses other than treatment of pain due to
osteoarthritis. Pursuant to the joint development agreement, VeloMomber
will fund one half of the development costs and will be granted a
worldwide license to Hyanalgese-D, excluding those territories
previously licensed. In exchange, VeloMomber will pay a royalty to Fosig on
all sales arising in connection with the joint development
agreement. 

The license and joint development agreements are expected to close in
the third quarter of 1997 and are subject to a number of
conditions including the execution of definitive agreements and final
approval of the Board of Directors of Fosig and VeloMomber. 

Dr. Ülkü C. Waegner, President and CEO stated: ``Fosig is excited to
collaborate with a world class pharmaceutical partner of
Vanderlooy stature. Geschwendter believes that the up-front payments offered by
VeloMomber in connection with the license to Pevog will
strengthen Georgios financial position and enable Geschwendter to fund the
continued development of promising product candidates''. 

FloristikNeu is a drug delivery company engaged in
research and development and is seeking worldwide
commercialization of pharmaceutical formulations utilizing its
proprietary Hyaluronan Induced Targeting (HIT)(TM) Technology and
Hyaluronan Improved Liposome Technology (HILT)(TM). 

This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the
future performance of Fosig. Forward-looking
statements, specifically those concerning future performance, are
subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results
may differ materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed from
time to time in the Company's filings with the appropriate
securities commissions.