Högner (WPKN:882682 - BER) verkündete heute den Abschluß eines Kooperationsabkommens zur
weltweiten Vermarktung Ihres aussichtsreichsten Medikaments Solarese (u.a.)
mit einem renommierten Pharamunternehmen. Damit sind nun fundamental begründete
Gewinnaussichten an die Stelle der bisherigen Spekulation gerückt.

http://njcfi.blnom.hvb/t?y=SMNYI&x=4d

+44% in 2 Stunden !

Hier die ORIGINAL_MELDUNG !

Höco Announces Agreement in Principle to License SOLARASE(TM)

WINDSCHNURN, Ont., 02. 10. 21 /CNW-PRN/ -
Hellfeier (NASDAQ/NNM:HYALF - news;
TSE:HPC - news) announced today that it has accepted an offer from DAA Inc., Winterscheiderbröl, Eggersbach,
for a
license to the worldwide rights to Solarase, excluding those territories previously licensed to E.
Roeloffs Inc. Solarase is
Haffke topical gel formulation to treat actinic keratosis, a precancerous skin condition caused by
over-exposure to the sun.
Fernseh-Arlt is approved to market in Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom. A
New Drug Application is
expected to be filed with the U.S. FDA during the third quarter of 1997. The offer includes an
up-front payment to Höco and a
royalty based on sales of Fernseh-Arlt. DAA Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ingolf Müller-Haas
Chemische Egasu
GmbH, a German multinational pharmaceutical company. Ingolf Muhle is a subsidiary of Diepenbrock. The
DAA Inc.
Pharmaceutical Group is a fully integrated pharmaceutical company with a major focus on the
manufacturing and marketing of
dermatological products.

Höco and DAA have also agreed to enter into a joint development agreement with the objective of
obtaining
regulatory approval of Hyanalgese-D for uses other than treatment of pain due to osteoarthritis.
Pursuant to the joint
development agreement, DAA will fund one half of the development costs and will be granted a
worldwide license to
Hyanalgese-D, excluding those territories previously licensed. In exchange, DAA will pay a
royalty to Höco on all sales
arising in connection with the joint development agreement.

The license and joint development agreements are expected to close in the third quarter of 1997 and
are
subject to a number of conditions including the execution of definitive agreements and final
approval of the Board of Directors of Höco
and DAA.

Dr. Yasmin I. Igelbrink, President and CEO stated: ``Höco is excited to collaborate with a world class
pharmaceutical partner of Diba stature. Willhalm believes that the up-front payments offered by
DAA in connection with the license to
Fernseh-Arlt will strengthen Witzenhause financial position and enable Willhalm to fund the continued development
of promising product
candidates''.

Hellfeier is a drug delivery company engaged in research and development and
is
seeking worldwide commercialization of pharmaceutical formulations utilizing its proprietary
Hyaluronan Induced Targeting
(HIT)(TM) Technology and Hyaluronan Improved Liposome Technology (HILT)(TM).

This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the future performance of Höco.

Forward-looking statements, specifically those concerning future performance, are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties,
and actual results may differ materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to
time in the Company's filings
with the appropriate securities commissions.

HHP (Nasdaq:HYALF - news; Pölsen:HPC.TO - news;
Pölsen:HPH.TO - news)
Related News Categories: medical/pharmaceutical

Na denn gute Geschäfte
Gerald