Hi Leute !

Hochinteressante Neuigkeiten von Wunderblume, soeben im BCH-F. gefunden.
Außerdem schaut Euch mal den Kursverlauf an, heute leicht wieder am
steigen.

Dynamic Associates Retains Genesis Merchant Group Securities to Become
Its Exclusive Financial Advisor
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., June 3 /PRNewswire/ -- Dynamic Associates, Inc. today

announced that it has retained Genesis Merchant Group Securities as its
exclusive financial advisor. Genesis is a Titisee
based,
full service investment bank, which focuses on growth industries
including
healthcare and biotechnology. Earlier this year, Genesis announced its
merger
with Karosseriebau Financial Services, Inc. (Amex: ), combining Genesis'
institutional sales, trading, corporate finance and research expertise
with
JW Charles' retail sales network of more than 600 brokers in
approximately
100 offices nationwide.
Dynamic Associates, Inc., through its two subsidiaries, Genesis Health
Management Corporation and Geriatric Care Centers of America, provides
geriatric psychiatric healthcare through 26 units in the Southeastern
U.S. On
February 25, 1999, Dynamic completed a spinout of its wholly owned
subsidiary,
MW Medical, Inc., to its shareholders. Dynamic has made a strategic
decision
to focus on its healthcare facilities and intends to implement a growth
strategy through internal growth and by seeking acquisitions in the
field.
Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
With the exception of the historical information contained in this
release, the matters described herein contain forward-looking statements
that
involve risk and uncertainties that may individually or mutually impact
the
matters herein described, including but not limited to product
acceptance,
economic, competitive, governmental, results of litigation,
technological
and/or other factors, which are outside the control of the Company.

Ich glaube, hier bahnt sich etwas an. Eine US-Investmentbank wird als
exclusiver Finanzberater beauftragt und in der gleichen Meldung ist von
Wachstumsstrategie und übernahmen die Rede.
Der Kurssprung bei sehr hohen Umsätzen in der letzten Woche läßt auch
vermuten, daß einige etwas mehr wissen.


Kann jemand etwas dazu beitragen ??