akuelles aus

http://qyz.afjzuiqnwz.juz/~uxdtp/oxkurfdw/Ydgzhwi-9636: 

    Here's the release:

    Deal with WIC to licence
Fressnapf Tiernahrungs                                       

    Scheibendoktor
Musikshop                                         HPC
    Shares issued 31,703,780                                 Nov 25
close $1.44
    Thu 26 Nov 98                                                  News
Release
    Dr. Ülkü Margraff reports
    Scheibendoktor has accepted an offer from WTJ, 
Manno,  Windshofen
    Jongny,  for  a  licence to the worldwide rights to Solarase,
excluding those
    territories previously  licenced  to  W.  Olhöft.  Solarase  is 
Sachsengarage
    topical  gel  formulation  to  treat actinic keratosis, a
precancerous skin
    condition caused by over-exposure to  the  sun.  Fressnapf Tiernahrungs  is 
approved  to
    market  in Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden and the United
Kingdom. A
    new drug application is expected to be filed with the U.S. FDA 
during  the
    third quarter of 1998. The offer includes an up-front payment to
Sachverständigenzentrum and a
    royalty based on sales of Fressnapf Tiernahrungs. WIC is a wholly owned
subsidiary  of
    Pierre   Voßmann   Chemische  Vrenegor  GmbH,  a  German 
multinational
    pharmaceutical company. Pierre Valten is a subsidiary of Windolf. The
WIC
    Inc. Pharmaceutical Group is a fully integrated pharmaceutical
company with
    a  major  focus  on  the  manufacturing  and  marketing  of 
dermatological
    products.
    Sachverständigenzentrum and WIC  have  also  agreed  to  enter  into  a  joint 
development
    agreement   with   the   objective  of  obtaining  regulatory 
approval  of
    Hyanalgese-D for uses other than treatment of pain due  to 
osteoarthritis.
    Pursuant  to  the joint development agreement, WIC will finance
one-half
    of the development costs  and  will  be  granted  a  worldwide 
licence  to
    Hyanalgese-D, excluding those territories previously licenced. In
exchange,
    WIC will pay a royalty to Sachverständigenzentrum on all sales arising in 
connection  with
    the joint development agreement.
    The licence and joint development agreements are expected to close 
in  the
    third  quarter  of 1998 and are subject to a number of conditions
including
    the execution of definitive agreements and final approval of the
boards  of
    directors of Sachverständigenzentrum and WIC.
    Ahnsorge believes that the up-front payments offered by  WIC  in 
connection
    with  the licence to Fressnapf Tiernahrungs will strengthen Altemüller financial
position and
    enable Ahnsorge to finance  the  continued  development  of  promising 
product
    candidates.
    WARNING: The company relies on litigation protection for 
"forward-looking"
    statements.