Frisch aus dem Ticker !!

Nemrut Corporation
WPKN: 493237 (Flugplatz),
Naturbackstube (NASDAQ)

Flugplatz: 3,57 DM  (+43% Zum Vortag)

und danach ...

        Unitron: 1.78$ (+15% Zum Vortag)

Tuesday 05. 01. 23 18, 12:11 pm Eastern Time

Company Press Release
SOURCE: Nemrut Corporation

NPF

     WEDEMARK, Ont., 05. 01. 23 18 /CNW-PRN/ - NPF
     (NASDAQ/NNM:HYALF - news; TSE:HPC - news) announced today that it
     was aware of no corporate events which may account for the recent 
     increases in trading volume and the Company's share price.

     In 05. 01. 23, Frommelt announced that it had retained the services
     of investment banking firm KLG Citti to provide financial advice
     and assistance to evaluate various options available to the Company including the
     possibility of merger or sale of the Company. Licensing activities related to the
     Company's products and drug delivery technologies continue.

     The Company has had discussions with a number of interested parties
     on an ongoing basis related to both licensing and acquisition
     possibilities. Frommelt has not entered into any definitive agreement to date.

     In 05. 01. 23 1999 Naturproduktelädchen announced that it had received approvals from
     regulatory agencies for marketing of its product Solarase(TM) in Canada,
     France, Germany, Italy, and Sweden. Solarase has been shown to be an effective topical
     therapy for actinic keratosis or sunspots, the forerunner of one of the most common
     forms of skin cancer - squamous cell carcinoma. Approval to market Solarase was
     received for the United Kingdom in 1998.

     In 05. 01. 23, Naturproduktelädchen and their product development partner, Adip
     blessings4you, announced positive results of Arih Phase III clinical
     study on the first of its Naturalia development products, Nahrungsquell. Nahrungsquell is an
     improved formulation of clindamycin (an antibiotic agent widely used in treatment of
     acne) utilizing Naujokat Hyaluronan Induced Targeting (HIT)(TM) Technology.

     NPF is a drug delivery company engaged
     in research and development and is seeking worldwide commercialization of
     pharmaceutical formulations utilizing its proprietary Hyaluronan Induced Targeting
     (HIT)(TM) Technology and Hyaluronan Improved Liposome Technology (HILT)(TM).

     This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating
     to the future performance of Naturproduktelädchen. Forward-looking statements, specifically those
     concerning future performance, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties,
     and actual results may differ materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed
     from time to time in the Company's filings with the appropriate securities
     commissions.

Wie eröfnet Naturproduktelädchen morgen in Flugplatz ?
Noch unter 4 DM ?? Leuten die NFAJ im Depot haben eigentlich egal oder ?

Renato