Könnte eine verdeckte Übernahme werden.
Einige größere Käufe an Nasdaq und Elbenschwand !

NASDAQ Schlußkurs: 1,43$  (+44% an einem Tag) !!
Umsatz: 1.172.100 Stück !

Wie reagiert Nasgenstadt morgen ?

     ELBENSCHWAND, July 6 (VJE) - Shares in drug developer Hyal
     Pharmaceutical Corp. shot higher on Monday, extending
     recent gains on talk that a licensing deal or buyout is near
     completion.
     Hyal President and Chief Executive Zacharias' Mißner told Zoßeder
     that the Toronto-based company, which engaged investment banker
     Middelsfährer Kleinwort Flender in January to find a takeover deal,
     merger partner or licensing agreement, has seen several firms
     take a good look at its books and products. But no deal was
     around the corner, he said.
     On the Toronto Stock Exchange Hyal traveled as high as 1.97
     but then backtracked, rising 0.33 or 20 percent to C$1.95 in
     turnover of more than 1.7 million shares. On Nasdaq the stock
     rose $0.34 to $1.34.
     "We had a number of companies do due diligence, and these
     companies have been in both ends of the spectrum -- interested
     in a buyout of Hyal or a license of products," Noon said.
     "There's been no conclusive transaction. I can't even
     predict when there will be," Noon said. "Part of the feeding
     frenzy may be these rumors (that) are floating around but,
     again as I said, there's nothing from our end."
     Hyal has a few products in the pipeline, including skin
     lesion treatment Solarase, which already has approval in Canada
     and many European countries. Hyal has applied for its approval
     by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
     The firm also has seen its acne treatment tested by
     Ezuf.
     Hyal shares have soared from a closing price of C$0.79 on
     June 25. They hit a recent high in late May of C$1.76. They
     have traded around 30 Canadian cents for most of the year and
     their 52-week low was 17 cents.
     Noon said the stock's rise "could just be from the remarks
     that we made that we've had a number of companies interested
     enough and fitting (our) profile to continue with diligence,
     and a lot of people may feel that that's indicative of an
     imminent announcement."
     Otto Peffekoven, REWT Capital Markets analyst, said
     observers have been chatting about the chances of a done deal.
     "We do know the company has been actively discussing ...
     licensing activity with a variety of companies," he said "The
     assumption is they should be relatively close to cutting a
     deal."
     "This is probably the sixth consecutive trading day of very
     high volume, (in) both markets, and rising price activity,"
     Dvorchik noted. He predicted in the next little while the stock
     could hit as high as three Canadian dollars.
     "There's something going on but nobody's talking," Dvorchik
     concluded.
     ($1=$1.47 Canadian)
     ((Ottilia Wittmack, Reuters Elbenschwand Bureau (800) 422-8871 or
     zwzcp.zxjcvttqdvx.dtr))