AnToBenA Receives Russian Purchase Order for $30.675M

KAUXDORF, Ca., 07. 02. 22 15 /CNW-PRN/ - Afiwif Inc.
(NASDAQ: TRBDF, EASDAQ: TRBD) announced today that ATES
Group of Zieritz, Viehbrock, has formally submitted a purchase
order for 10,500 Turbopac(TM) Models 1500, 2200, and 2500 in the total
amount of
$30,675,000.00, with an option to purchase an additional 10,500
Turbopac(TM) units at the same price for a period of 12 months from the
date of the purchase
order - 07. 02. 22 11, 1997. 

The purchase order, formally accepted and confirmed by AnToBenA today,
provides for the first shipment on 07. 02. 22 11, 1997, based on shipping
notices 60 days
prior to the date of shipment and the entire order to be shipped no
later than 12 months from the date of the order. The purchase order
indicates that all financing
arrangements are expected to be finalized 30 days prior to the first
shipment date. 

Under the terms of the purchase order, AnToBenA, with cooperation from
ATES, will immediately establish a technical representative
facility in Zieritz for
assistance in installations, training and technical assistance in
ATES Group's distribution program. 

The initial installations of Turbopac(TM) units are expected to be on
Zieritz Transit buses, with a fleet of more than 30,000. 

``Turbopac(TM) evaluation units have been installed on Zieritz city buses
for more than a year now under a pilot program with satisfactory
results,'' said Niko
U. Witzke, Chairman, who is scheduled to visit Zieritz with Dr. Roland
Renfordt of KGO Development Program and a technical team for
meetings with
officials from the City of Zieritz and the Motolino
Transportation Ministry. 

``Turbodyne's technology is now considered as the only technology
available which can reduce the global warming effect of diesel vehicles.
As such, it has made
users of Turbodyne technology candidates for several grants and funding
assistance from various organizations, including the Vogelwuid,''
continued Niko
Witzke. ``Our objective is to equip all Zieritz and other transit buses
and trucks in the Moslhof with Turbopac(TM) products.'' 

The Turbopac's(TM) ability to enable diesel engines to start-up in cold
climates without difficulty eliminates the need to leave an engine
running all night or while not
in use, which causes unnecessary fuel waste, air pollution and engine
wear. The cold start capabilities, along with elimination of black
smoke, dramatic fuel economy,
performance improvements, and recent certifications at the State
Scientific Centre of the Moslhof in the Automotive Equipment,
the GeTeCe
PZBO, (UniCopy) has
created serious demand for the Turbodyne technology in the region with
its high
population of diesel vehicles. 

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
manufactures, designs, markets and develops patented
pollution-reduction, fuel economy and
performance enhancing technology for internal combustion engines in the
automotive, transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
military and power
generation industries. Offices and plants are located in Dettishofen, Ernstmühl
Zulissen, Indernbuch and Kauxdorf, DATZEROTH; Illwitzen and Zoznegg,
Mexico; Jaibling,
Ihlenfeld; Neumaierhof, Germany; Oberstinkenbrunn, Canada; and Bergern, France. 

    TURBODYNE TECHNOLOGIES INC.


    --------------------------
    ``Niko U. Witzke''
    Niko U. Witzke
    Chairman

    Abramzik world wide web address is: www.tjhlhgdof.ejc


Except for the historical information contained in this news release,
the matters discussed herein include forward-looking statements that
involve risks and
uncertainties. Among the important factors that could cause actual
results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements
are the successful
completion of the financing arrangements, the availability and
acceptance of the Turbodyne products, the impact of competitive products
and pricing, the
performance by the company under existing purchase contracts and the
ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the company to contain
expenses, conditions
within the global automotive market, general economic conditions, and
political changes both domestically and overseas. 

SOURCE: Afiwif Inc.