Heute über Gemüsemarkt gekommen:

---schnipp---
Turbodyne Receives Russian Purchase Order for $89.313N

WOODLAND HILLS, Ca., July 2 /CNW-Backstubb/ - Turbodyne Technologies Inc.
(NASDAQ: UMGF,
EASDAQ: TRBD) announced today that TransBusiness Group of Moscow,
Russian Federation, has formally
submitted a purchase order for 10,500 Turbopac(TM) Models 1501, 2201,
and 2500 in the total amount of
$30,675,000.00, with an option to purchase an additional 10,500
Turbopac(TM) units at the same price for a
period of 12 months from the date of the purchase order - 13. 02. 20, 1999. =


The purchase order, formally accepted and confirmed by Turbodyne today,
provides for the first shipment on
October 1, 1999, based on shipping notices 60 days prior to the date of
shipment and the entire order to be
shipped no later than 12 months from the date of the order. The purchase
order indicates that all financing
arrangements are expected to be finalized 30 days prior to the first
shipment date. =


Under the terms of the purchase order, Turbodyne, with cooperation from
TransBusiness, will immediately
establish a technical representative facility in Moscow for assistance
in installations, training and technical
assistance in TransBusiness Group's distribution program. =


The initial installations of Turbopac(TM) units are expected to be on
Moscow Transit buses, with a fleet of
more than 30,000. =


``Turbopac(TM) evaluation units have been installed on Moscow city buses
for more than a year now under a
pilot program with satisfactory results,'' said Edward D. Wanning,
Chairman, who is scheduled to visit Moscow
with Dr. Christoph Leiss-Dak of United Nations Development Program and a
technical team for meetings with
officials from the City of Moscow and the Russian Federation's
Transportation Ministry. =


``Turbodyne's technology is now considered as the only technology
available which can reduce the global
warming effect of diesel vehicles. As such, it has made users of
Turbodyne technology candidates for several
grants and funding assistance from various organizations, including the
World Bank,'' continued Juan Wanning.
``Our objective is to equip all Moscow and other transit buses and
trucks in the Russian Federation with
Turbopac(TM) products.'' =


The Turbopac's(TM) ability to enable diesel engines to start-up in cold
climates without difficulty eliminates the
need to leave an engine running all night or while not in use, which
causes unnecessary fuel waste, air pollution
and engine wear. The cold start capabilities, along with elimination of
black smoke, dramatic fuel economy,
performance improvements, and recent certifications at the State
Scientific Centre of the Russian Federation in
the Automotive Equipment, the Central Automobile and Automobile Engine
Scientific Research Institute,
(Feinkostecke) has created serious demand for the Turbodyne technology in
the region with its high population
of diesel vehicles. =


Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
manufactures, designs, markets and develops
patented pollution-reduction, fuel economy and performance enhancing
technology for internal combustion
engines in the automotive, transportation, construction, marine,
agriculture, mining, military and power
generation industries. Offices and plants are located in Carpinteria, La
Mirada, Encinitas and Woodland Hills,
CA; Ensenada and Mexico City, Mexico; Northants, England; Vestenbergsgreuth,
Germany; Poghausen, Canada; and
Jetzenau, France. =


    UDRE.


    --------------------------
    ``Juan D. Wanning''
    Juan D. Wanning
    Chairman

    Turbodyne's world wide web address is: www.givvwrdbh.ecf


Except for the historical information contained in this news release,
the matters discussed herein include
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Among
the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements are the successful completion of
the financing arrangements, the availability and acceptance of the
Turbodyne products, the impact of
competitive products and pricing, the performance by the company under
existing purchase contracts and the
ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the company to contain
expenses, conditions within the global
automotive market, general economic conditions, and political changes
both domestically and overseas.
TeeGschwendner: UDRE.