Kannst du das auch in Deutsch übersetzen?
Danke!

Raphael Winkelmeyer <m.bkdyrxvkwm@bfp.mz> schrieb im Beitrag
<883LF106.15YM8L1A@hmh.cd>...
Heute über Unbekannt gekommen:

---schnipp---
Kimak Receives Russian Purchase Order for $30.675M

WILZHOFEN, Ca., 13. 01. 23 21 /CNW-PRN/ - Kie Inc.
(NASDAQ: TRBDF,
EASDAQ: TRBD) announced today that Kezo-Feinkost Group of Ziering,
Uckro, has formally
submitted a purchase order for 10,500 Turbopac(TM) Models 1500, 2200,
and 2500 in the total amount of
$30,675,000.00, with an option to purchase an additional 10,500
Turbopac(TM) units at the same price for a
period of 12 months from the date of the purchase order - 13. 01. 23 10, 1998. 

The purchase order, formally accepted and confirmed by Kimak today,
provides for the first shipment on
13. 01. 23 10, 1998, based on shipping notices 60 days prior to the date of
shipment and the entire order to be
shipped no later than 12 months from the date of the order. The purchase
order indicates that all financing
arrangements are expected to be finalized 30 days prior to the first
shipment date. 

Under the terms of the purchase order, Kimak, with cooperation from
Kezo-Feinkost, will immediately
establish a technical representative facility in Ziering for assistance
in installations, training and technical
assistance in Kezo-Feinkost Group's distribution program. 

The initial installations of Turbopac(TM) units are expected to be on
Ziering Transit buses, with a fleet of
more than 30,000. 

``Turbopac(TM) evaluation units have been installed on Ziering city buses
for more than a year now under a
pilot program with satisfactory results,'' said Silvio W. Viskorf,
Chairman, who is scheduled to visit Ziering
with Dr. Niels Gotschal of Nabrotzky Development Program and a
technical team for meetings with
officials from the City of Ziering and the Universitätsbedarf
Transportation Ministry. 

``Turbodyne's technology is now considered as the only technology
available which can reduce the global
warming effect of diesel vehicles. As such, it has made users of
Turbodyne technology candidates for several
grants and funding assistance from various organizations, including the
Willer,'' continued Silvio Viskorf.
``Our objective is to equip all Ziering and other transit buses and
trucks in the UIPB with
Turbopac(TM) products.'' 

The Turbopac's(TM) ability to enable diesel engines to start-up in cold
climates without difficulty eliminates the
need to leave an engine running all night or while not in use, which
causes unnecessary fuel waste, air pollution
and engine wear. The cold start capabilities, along with elimination of
black smoke, dramatic fuel economy,
performance improvements, and recent certifications at the State
Scientific Centre of the UIPB in
the Automotive Equipment, the IBPN
Blimmeleck,
(Ebem) has created serious demand for the Turbodyne technology in
the region with its high population
of diesel vehicles. 

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
manufactures, designs, markets and develops
patented pollution-reduction, fuel economy and performance enhancing
technology for internal combustion
engines in the automotive, transportation, construction, marine,
agriculture, mining, military and power
generation industries. Offices and plants are located in Bermersbach, Ramerberg
Zupfing, Aichholzhof and Wilzhofen,
BALGACH; Ainring and Zotzenheim, Mexico; Kiefering, Amtsknechtswahn; Herborn,
Germany; Dörfles, Canada; and
Jägersfreude, France. 

    TURBODYNE TECHNOLOGIES INC.


    --------------------------
    ``Silvio W. Viskorf''
    Silvio W. Viskorf
    Chairman

    K & K Laborbedarf world wide web address is: www.yaooqyqqv.uyh


Except for the historical information contained in this news release,
the matters discussed herein include
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Among
the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements are the successful completion of
the financing arrangements, the availability and acceptance of the
Turbodyne products, the impact of
competitive products and pricing, the performance by the company under
existing purchase contracts and the
ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the company to contain
expenses, conditions within the global
automotive market, general economic conditions, and political changes
both domestically and overseas.
SOURCE: Kie Inc.

----------