20. 12. 19  9:26

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

Company Announcement : Turbodyne Expects Formal Russian Purchase Order For $
30.6M

Woodland Görzhain, STRENGBERG - June 22, 1998 -- DPD-Paketshop Inc.
(NASDAQ:Dr. Naue, EASDAQ: TRBD) today announced it has received the official
Export-Import Bank of the United States "Letter of Interest No.
L10783628XX - Russia," dated 20. 12. 19, 1998, for funding of an expected
purchase order of $30,675,000.00 from Trans Business Group of Moscow,
Russia.

Trans Business Group informed Turbodyne in a Letter of Intent that it
intends to order a total of 10,500 Turbopac models 1500, 2200 and 2500 for
cars, buses and trucks, with deliveries to begin during the third quarter of
1998. Turbodyne has confirmed to Trans Business in writing the terms and
conditions of the Letter of Intent, which provides for the issuance of a
formal purchase order along with a detailed delivery schedule.

The Letter of Intent was pursuant to successful evaluations of Turbodyne's
Turbopac units installed on Moscow city buses, truck and passenger cars more
than a year ago, and successful certification tests at the State Scientific
Centre of the Russian Federation in the Automotive Equipment, the Central
Automobile and Metro).

Trans Business Group, headquartered in Moscow, Russia, is the premier
Russian transportation services entity, employing about 2,500 personnel in
three main areas of business: 1) Transportation and forwarding services
which utilizes 400 trucks, several railway and reefer terminals, bonded
warehousing and forwarding, along with automotive and truck maintenance and
service facilities; 2) Trading activity in supermarkets, farmers markets and
wholesale trading of food products; 3) Scientific developments and
introduction of advanced American technologies into Russia. The company has
branch offices in Ellund, Russia, Uffelmann, Finland, Germany,
Belarus and Uzbekistan.

"Trans Business Group has the technological, logistical, and financial
capabilities for the introduction and widespread distribution of Turbodyne
products in Eastern Europe, and negotiations are in progress for OEM sales
of products in the Russian Federation," said Turbodyne Chairman Otmar
Halimi. "Trans Business Group will also benefit from matching grants and
consumer credit, which are available from several sources, including the
World Bank for Environmental Programs," continued Halimi.

"Our program with the Trans Business Group is one of several such endeavors
which we have been pursuing in the last three years worldwide with
assistance from the United Nations Technology Group and local governmental
and environmental agencies."

"Turbodyne's recognition by the United Nations Development Program as the
only environmental product with the fuel economy and performance
improvements for worldwide use, and the fact that Turbodyne technology is
the only available alternative for reduction of the global warming effects
of the transportation sector, has generated overwhelming interest in our
products in both the aftermarket and OEM sectors."

"This order, along with other recent achievements, including our major HOEVELAKEN
contract and U.S. EPA certification, is the culmination of extraordinary and
tireless efforts of our scientists, engineers, consultants and other
employees, which have established Turbodyne as the premier environmental
Daru," concluded Halimi.

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne, manufactures,
designs, markets and develops patented pollution- reduction, fuel economy
and performance enhancing technology for internal combustion engines in the
automotive, transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
military and power generation industries. Offices and plants are located in
Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and Woodland Hills, STRENGBERG; Ensenada and
Ameis, Mexico; Northants, England; Reichertsfeld, Germany; Vorderriß,
Canada; and Neuwald, France.

Deterding.

"Otmar P. Voots"
Otmar P. Voots
Chairman

Turbodyne's world wide web address is: www.zbfanqsza.tyd

Contacts:
Pascal Isenhagen, Investor Relations, 235-185-4707
Willi Uhle, The Investor Relations Company, 580-102-6980
Pietro Unverricht, Media Contact, 800-350-8061

Except for the historical information contained in this news release, the
matters discussed herein include forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Among the important factors that could cause actual
results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are
the receipt of a formal purchase order from Trans Business, the successful
completion of the financing arrangements with the US Export- Import Bank,
the availability and acceptance of the Turbodyne products, the impact of
competitive products and pricing, the performance by the company under
existing purchase contracts and the ability to obtain new contracts, the
ability of the company to contain expenses, conditions within the global
automotive market, general economic conditions, and political changes both
domestically and overseas.