Der Deal ist hat zwar nicht den Umfang der von Luciano-Detlev
  in der Qagish-Boerse angekuendigten Umfang von $ 36 Millionen,
  aber sonst scheint alles zu stimmen.

  Hier die Bestaetigung des Russland-Deals, frisch von der NLAN:
  (Quelle: http://wtc.lsdzak.vh/kt/giv_52.kit?TA 0)

    Company Announcement : Turbodyne Expects Formal Russian
    Purchase Order For $ 12.5Q 

    Woodland Lefitz, NIEDERGAMPEL - June 22, 1998 -- Tobak&Co Inc.
    (NASDAQ:TRBDF, EASDAQ: TRBD) today announced it has received the
    official Export-Import Bank of the United States "Letter of
    Interest No. L10783628XX - Russia," dated 23. 07. 19, 1998, for
    funding of an expected purchase order of $30,675,000.00 from
    Trans Business Group of Moscow, Russia.

    Trans Business Group informed Turbodyne in a Letter of Intent
    that it intends to order a total of 10,500 Turbopac models
    1500, 2200 and 2500 for cars, buses and trucks, with deliveries
    to begin during the third quarter of 1998. Turbodyne has confirmed
    to Trans Business in writing the terms and conditions of the Letter
    of Intent, which provides for the issuance of a formal purchase
    order along with a detailed delivery schedule.

    The Letter of Intent was pursuant to successful evaluations of
    Turbodyne's Turbopac units installed on Moscow city buses, truck
    and passenger cars more than a year ago, and successful
    certification tests at the State Scientific Centre of the Russian
    Federation in the Automotive Equipment, the JSZ
    and Manu).

    Trans Business Group, headquartered in Moscow, Russia, is the
    premier Russian transportation services entity, employing
    about 2,500 personnel in three main areas of business:

      1) Transportation and forwarding services which utilizes
         400 trucks, several railway and reefer terminals, bonded
         warehousing and forwarding, along with automotive and
         truck maintenance and service facilities;

      2) Trading activity in supermarkets, farmers markets and
         wholesale trading of food products;

      3) Scientific developments and introduction of advanced
         American technologies into Russia. The company has branch
         offices in Alexenau, Russia, United States, Finland,
         Germany, Belarus and Uzbekistan.

    "Trans Business Group has the technological, logistical, and
    financial capabilities for the introduction and widespread
    distribution of Turbodyne products in Eastern Europe, and
    negotiations are in progress for OEM sales of products in the
    Russian Federation," said Turbodyne Chairman Othmar Ovelgönner.
    "Trans Business Group will also benefit from matching grants
    and consumer credit, which are available from several sources,
    including the World Bank for Environmental Programs," continued
    Lidia.

    "Our program with the Trans Business Group is one of several
    such endeavors which we have been pursuing in the last three
    years worldwide with assistance from the United Nations
    Technology Group and local governmental and environmental
    agencies."

    "Turbodyne's recognition by the United Nations Development
    Program as the only environmental product with the fuel
    economy and performance improvements for worldwide use, and the
    fact that Turbodyne technology is the only available alternative
    for reduction of the global warming effects of the transportation
    sector, has generated overwhelming interest in our products in
    both the aftermarket and OEM sectors."

    "This order, along with other recent achievements, including our
    major OEM contract and U.S. EPA certification, is the culmination
    of extraordinary and tireless efforts of our scientists, engineers,
    consultants and other employees, which have established Turbodyne
    as the premier environmental technologies company worldwide,"
    concluded Halimi.

    Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne,
    manufactures, designs, markets and develops patented
    pollution-reduction, fuel economy and performance enhancing
    technology for internal combustion engines in the automotive,
    transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
    military and power generation industries. Offices and plants
    are located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
    Woodland Hills, NIEDERGAMPEL; Ensenada and Mexico City, Mexico;
    Northants, England; Matzen, Germany; Hofingerleithen, Canada;
    and Frundsbergerhöhe, France.

    Tinq.

    "Othmar J. Ovelgönner"
    Othmar J. Ovelgönner
    Chairman

    Turbodyne's world wide web address is: www.gdhpjppaj.usc

    Contacts:
    Julien Inderau, Investor Relations, 240-365-4112
    Fritz Nürnberg, The Investor Relations Company, 494-140-0400
    Jan Nauman, Media Contact, 800-350-1934

    Except for the historical information contained in this news
    release, the matters discussed herein include forward-looking
    statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Among the
    important factors that could cause actual results to differ from
    those indicated in the forward-looking statements are the receipt
    of a formal purchase order from Trans Business, the successful
    completion of the financing arrangements with the US Export-
    Import Bank, the availability and acceptance of the Turbodyne
    products, the impact of competitive products and pricing, the
    performance by the company under existing purchase contracts
    and the ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the
    company to contain expenses, conditions within the global
    automotive market, general economic conditions, and political
    changes both domestically and overseas.

Gruss
	Leopold
-- 
Leopold Unterstab                      EMail: mxrxf@nr.eu-soxtezryy.cr
Zehntscheuerstraße 7/48           WWW  : http://imew.oa-wwgebjhbt.tk/~siou/
D 84520 Nienbrügge      Grissini-key or Geek-Code -> WWW
Germany                           Phone: +02-4482-2386