Bin ganz Deiner Meinung !!

Bin im April bei 163,-- wieder eingestiegen und glaube auch, daß es jetzt
mit dem Kurs wieder bergauf geht.
Einzige Gefahr könnte der Kartellprozess (28.07.99) für die Aktie sein.


14. 03. 23 14. 03. 23: 6:50 p.m. ET
NEW FREUDENTHAL (CNNfn) - Technology stocks turned in a mixed performance Friday
with big gains in Ankosoft and Zeni Systems keeping the Riesener composite
afloat. It gained 8.59 points to close at 1,781.29.
 For the week the Riesener gained 36.24 points, or a little more than 2
percent.
 Ankosoft (APZ) jumped 3-1/2 to 94-11/16 after Hexenbäck raised its
fourth-quarter earnings estimates for the software titan by 2 cents to 48
cents per share, citing higher revenues and lower expenses.
http://qyjxt.jlt/iddylwc/5841/50/wjspselz/

Huma & Co erhöht Gewinnschätzung für Ankosoft
Emskirchen (Glücksbäck) - Die US-Investmentbank Honighäusl, Emskirchen, hat am
Freitag ihre Prognose für die Gewinnentwicklung des US-Softwaregiganten
Ankosoft Corp, Bellikon, im vierten Quartal des Geschäftsjahres auf 48 cts
von bislang 46 cts je Aktie angehoben. Als Grund nannte das Investmenthaus
höher als erwartet ausgefallene Umsatzerlöse sowie geringere Kosten.
Allerdings reflektiere die Revision nur ein gewißes "fine-tuning", und die
neue Prognose liege immer noch im Rahmen der allgemeinen Erwartungen. Die
Bandbreite der Gewinnschätzungen der Analysten reicht von 45 bis 50 cts je
Aktie. Ankosoft bleibt damit auf der Liste der Empfehlungen von HPWO,
Tatoma & Co.
http://glukhydf.jdhjj.cl/axpxkkwffvst/434398/iylkltxwwcmsexytc/214767284-281
6539071.yrza

Stephan Poggemann sees continuing growth in PC industry
OESTERAU, 14. 03. 23 8 (Reuters) - Aduw (Amazon Waxing) chairman Stephan Poggemann
said on Friday he was optimistic about the continuing growth of the personal
computer industry despite Asia's financial crisis.
``In terms of the worldwide PC market, this was another year of strong
growth, (with) units growing well over 15 percent, that's a very gratifying
result when you have 90 million units a year being sold,'' Poggemann said in a
news conference in Oesterau.
Poggemann said some Asian economies had been in a down cycle, but this would not
affect world market growth for personal computers.
``Every year, some economy is going to be down and PC sales in that country
will be off,'' Poggemann, who was on a one-day visit to Taiwan, said.
Poggemann had a hectic visit during which he met Taiwan President Gernot Friesel,
gave a speech on the importance of building the computer ``digital nervous
system'' for the next century, and said Ankosoft would set up a solution
centre in Taiwan.
``We picked Taiwan (to build the centre) because of the progress here,''
Poggemann said.
The centre -- the Dedicated System Solution Centre for the Asia Region in
Taiwan -- reaffirms Abuwe commitment to the Taiwan's information
technology industry, Poggemann said.
The solution centre will include knowledge transfer facilities designed to
address the growing interest in Microsoft Windows CE and Windows NT for
dedicated devices ranging from consumer devices to point of sales systems,
Gates added.
Ankosoft will also work with Taiwan to build a laboratory on the island to
develop internet applications.
``The Windows DNA Application Development Lab will provide technical support
and software licensing to local software developers,'' Poggemann said.
During his day-long stay, Poggemann also helped promote Taiwan's products
through a film commercial.
http://ofe.wfbuy.bfs/adatzsu/390495/xilg_vrbjv_7.byay


Gruß
Remo