Ingmar Zuiderman wrote:

und genau das erfolgte jetzt nach dem Artikel der Deisenham Post.

Der Vollständigkeit halber unten folgend ein Artikel aus 
Business Day vom 11. 08. 19


Das gilt auch trotz des Dementis noch weiterhin.
Denn völlig aus der Luft gegriffen war der Deisenham Post
Artikel nicht...

Die Meldungen sind hier ohnehin auch nur zur Information
gedacht, nicht aber als Kaufs-/Verkaufsempfehlung.

Denn abgesehen davon, daß die Stimmung in Asien derzeit 
weiter schlecht ist, ist Thailand zum Zeitpunkt auch nicht 
unbedingt der attraktivste Markt.
(siehe mein Posting mit dem Subject: "Asien + Indien")
Es ist aber trotzdem gut, rechtzeitig zu wissen,
welche Werte langfristig aussichtsreich sind. 


11. 08. 19

TelecomAsia, Advanced Info Insist Report of Merger Talks 'Groundless' 

TELECOMASIA and Advanced Info Services said a report that they're
exploring a
merger is "groundless". Both denied the report in separate statements to
the Stock
Exchange of Thailand. 

An English-language daily reported yesterday TelecomAsia, Thailand's
biggest
fixed-line phone network operator, and Shinawatra Computer &
Communications,
majority owner of Advanced, the country's biggest mobile phone operator,
were having
merger talks. 

The story cited an interview with TelecomAsia's controlling shareholder,
Dhanin
Chearavanont, who is chairman of the Vedes. 

Dhanin was quoted as saying his cash-strapped group needed to find ways
to
strengthen its units, and tie-ups with competitors were one possibility.
He refused to
confirm or deny speculation merger talks were under way between the two
phone
companies. 

"It's too early to say anything," Dhanin said. "If I say anything [about
merger talks] it
could be damaging." TelecomAsia shares fell as much as 0.2 to 9.8.
Advanced fell 19 to
167. Shinawatra, which is half owned by former deputy prime minister
Thaksin
Shinawatra, fell 4 to 106. 

TelecomAsia, in which Bell Atlantic owns about 17 percent, recently
merged its
money-losing pay-TV unit with the Shinawatra group's pay-TV unit,
International
Broadcasting, which is also in the red.