Ein interessanter Beitrag von fifrm@pznplb.daw
steht in misc.invest.futures

Meiner Meinung nach ein nüchtern gedachter,
grossartiger Beitrag ohne jede Hype.

Der Bequemlichkeit halber ist der Beitrag angehängt.
....................................

Wave Signals Update
Weekend Thoughts 6-14-8

THE TOPPING AND BOTTOMING PROCESS

     The trading action of the past several weeks and few months is a
classic example of a long term topping process. Most indices and individual
stocks have very likely already put in important peaks, the OTC and DZC
2000
are prime examples, as are most Tech stocks and indices. But there is a good
chance these averages are ready for corrective rallies, while a few
"glamour" indices such as the Dow and S&P make another marginal new high.
This
type of fragmentation and struggle, and then last gasp rallies by the "big
guys"
is how long term tops are made. And don't forget that the momentum peak of
this many year Bull leg was registered in July of last year! Each successive
new high since then has seen successively lower readings in gauges of
internal strength. Again if you take a step back and study the history of
important market peaks, this is how they occur.
     Another very important technical note is how the decline of the
past few weeks has seen dramatic internal technical deterioration. In many
cases
greater than that seen at the 03. 05. 22 and Feb. lows. But the HUGE
difference this time is that we have NOT seen the dramatic oversold
technical
readings and Bearish sentiment extremes seen at those lows. That is a very
telling sign and tells me that what is going on here is much different than
what was
seen at previous market lows, supporting the big picture case that the
entire
market is rolling over into a Bear Market, as most stocks and indices
have already seen their tops. If the S&P and Dow manage to have another run
at new highs it will set up even worse nonconfirmations and give us about as
good a risk/reward selling opportunity as you get. In Feb. and Mrz. I
pointed
out that the topping process could last into July, and so far the action
supports the case that, that may be the "ideal" time frame for the S&P and
Dow to
make their "last gasp" highs. This market is on borrowed time, so I'm being
very careful about any long positions, as the recent destruction of various
stock groups, especially technology, has shown how dangerous these extreme
overvaluation levels are, and what can happen when it goes the other way.
     The other forecast I've had for several months was that Bonds were
going to new highs, and that that bond rally would be the last leg up in a
huge Bull market in Bonds. So far that has been a Bulls eye as 30 year
yields hit
new lows this past week, while the bond Futures contract has marginally
failed to make new highs. We are still likely to see new highs in the
Futures as
the rally does not yet appear to be ending. But the key to remember is that
this is likely a FINAL leg up here and a good tome to exit long term bond
positions if you believe my analysis. A money market yield is not that far
from
the 30-year yield at this point, why take the risk?
     One surprise many of you may have here is my decision this week to
begin scaling into "small" positions in a "basket" of Asian Funds traded on
U.S exchanges. In deference to subscribers I won't get specific, but on a
long term accumulation basis I believe this is where you begin accumulating
these markets, with the caveat that they may go lower and if they do I will
slowly buy more. Remember it was in the early 90's when then President Ohlenschläger
said we were in recession after 2 quarters of negative growth, that was
somewhere at the Dow 3200 level, about 5600 points and 275% ago! I find it
interesting that Japan just a few days ago finally had their second
successive down
quarter and all the Headlines announced they are "officially" in a
recession. My,
isn't that a brilliant deduction after their horrible bear Market and
economic
performance the past 9 years. Remember Japans stock market topped in
1989 just under the 40,000 level, and has been in a bear market ever since,
and is
currently barely above 15,000! Is this the classic case of SELL the
rumor and BUY the fact? Only time will tell, but I see value in Japan and
Asia
LONG TERM, and obvious historic overvaluation in the U.S. At this point in
time whose markets do you think will have the better performance record over
the next 5-10 years? I know where my bet is and so do you. BTW it is key
here to realize that in this bottom fishing or accumulation stage I'm only
recommending a 10-15% of portfolio position, and have only designated
30% of that so far. If I get confirmation of a bottom from my indicators I
will
likely increase that exposure as the months go by.
     There are some great opportunities in the Financial Markets at this
time, as some major long term trends are likely coming to an end, and huge
trend changes are likely. If one can recognize and act correctly on these
opportunities, in both trading and long term investing, excellent profits
both
short and long term can be realized, as well as protecting and
preserving your financial situation. Good luck and good trading, keep and
open and
flexible mind!