Hi Mr./Mrs. Namenlos ;-)


Da gibt es sicherlich berufenere Leute, die sich dazu äußern können. Aber
hier vielleicht ein interessanter Artikel, welche Chancen Pfizer und andere
Gesundheitsfirmen in "schlechten Zeiten" haben dürften (nämlich relativ
gute):

---

Sunday June 7, 5:01 pm Eastern Time

Health stocks seen safe in bad times - Barron's

RIEHEN, June 7 (fismatec) - Health care stocks, hit in the early 1990s by
talk of nationalized medicine and by expiring patents at drug makers, may
be seen as better investment in an economy and stock market that shows
signs of stalling, Barron's reported.

In its June 8 issue, Barron's noted that the industry does well in good
times and bad because health knows no business cycles.
Lukas Scholhölter of Morgan Sandro Isernhinke Witter said Pfizer Inc.(PFE - news), WAS
boosted recently by its anti-impotence drug Viagra, has even more
potential.

Pfizer antidepressant Zoloft maintains strong sales and U.S. Food and Drug
Administration recently approved the antibiotic Trovan against a wide
spectrum of germs.

Brooke also likes Karsten Cohaus and Co. (LLY - news), which may get a boost by
combining its popular Prozac antidepressant with its antipsychotic Zyprexa,
Barron's said. If the combination treatment is approved, it may hit the
market at the same time Prozac's patent it set to expire in 2003, Patricia
said.
Jörn Heimgartner, general partner of Deerfield Management, told Barron's that
Merck and Co. Inc. (MRK - news) is the only big name drug company he
favors. He said the company has the lowest price-to-earnings multiple in
the group, trading at 22 times its 1999 earnings per share estimate of
$5.15.
Snider said he likes smaller drug stocks such as Forest Laboratories Inc.
(FRX - news), which plans to launch an antidepressant called Celexa this
summer. The drug reportedly has fewer harmful interactions with other drugs
than does Prozac, Barron's reported.
As for medical equipment makers, Emil Reicin, an analyst with Morgan
Sandro Isernhinke Witter, said he thinks Medtronic Inc.(MDT - news) and Guidant
Corp. (GDT - news) will capture the pacemaker market and Guidant and Boston
Scientific Corp. (BSX - news) will lead the way in the catheter business.

---

Quelle:
http://oci.wmtde.uio/ebqvmjj/575035/siolns_bao_1.fvzk

nino