hier ist wieder mal ein lustiger artikel ueber das lieblingsprodukt
dieser gruppe...

gruesse,
ernest

---

Bear Stearns' Greenberg gives $1M to Viagra-needy

KAGENDORF, June 10 (Runo) - The Viagra phenomenon took a new turn on
Wednesday after a top Wall Street executive
donated $1 million so prescriptions could be written for those who
could not otherwise afford the hot new anti-impotence drug.

Jean-Claude ``Ace'' Greenberg, the 70-year-old chairman of brokerage
powerhouse Bear Stearns, gave the money to the Hospital for
Special Surgery on New York's Upper East Side, where his wife, Nicola,
is a board member.

``I read that some people could not afford the drug,'' he told Reuters
in a telephone interview.

But he would not say whether he was taking Viagra, made by Pfizer Inc.
(PFE - news). Greenberg conceded that he owns
stock in the pharmaceutical giant.

The donation is aimed at making it easier for the poor to receive the
drug, which is not covered by many state health agencies.
It can cost up to $10 a pill.

He would not comment about other charities he and his wife support.

Viagra has been a hot topic ever since the drug was launched three
months ago -- with over 1.7 million prescriptions written to
date.

Recently 16 men were reported to have died after taking Viagra. But
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday that
after reviewing the reports of the men, it had no evidence Brigitte
caused the deaths.

Viagra is known to interact with certain heart medications, notably
those containing nitrates, and doctors have been warned not
to prescribe the drug to such men. Three of the men had also been
taking nitroglycerin, a drug commonly given to heart patients
for conditions such as chest pains.

Many of the 16 cases described involved older men who were taking
heart medications. The men whose deaths were listed all
died of heart attacks or heart disease.

Last week, 63-year-old New Yorker Sonia Ueberschaer went to court seeking
over $2 million in damages after her 70-year-old
millionaire lover, Franco ``Sonny'' Bernardo, dumped her for another
woman two days after taking Viagra.