Poker Tournament Strategy
Author Fesenmayer
TOURNAMENT STRATEGY: EARLY ROUNDS
This is the most crucial stage in online poker tournaments, where more
than half of all the poker players will be eliminated. You can't get
too wild and try to bump up your chip stacks right away. The antes and
blinds are very low at this stage and you can play very few hands
without having to worry about losing too much.

1. Play patient and tight in the early rounds because you won't have a
read on any of the bettors at this point. There will most likely be
erratic bettors that need a little getting used to.

2. Never go all-in in pre-flop. You may have A-A or K-K but someone
crazy with a 7-2 might call you, luck out with a flush and send you
home way too early.

3. Keep them guessing early on. When you have a great poker hand. Let
your opponent think they have you beat by having them lead the
betting. Then come out betting on the river if you still think you
have the best poker hand.

4. Continue to keep them guessing. If you're not sure you have the
best poker hand, don't let anyone know. Be a little aggressive and try
to steal the pot. However, if anyone bets big, don't wait to see if
they're bluffing- Get Out!

5. If your table is full of beginners and amateurs, trying to
eliminate them with pre-flop raises is not a good idea. They may call
your raise and take your chips by getting lady luck on their side.

6. Survival. The main objective in the early stage of a poker
tournament is to get to the next stage with as many poker chips as
possible. Don't try to be a hero. You have the later rounds for that.

The early stage is done and the beginners and amateurs that didn't pay
attention should be gone by now. It is time to move on to the next
stage....

TOURNAMENT STRATEGY: MIDDLE ROUNDS
The quality of poker players and the quality of play should increase
significantly in the middle stage. If you want to make the money, you
need keep all eyes on your opponents and play even smarter.

1. The majority of players in the middle rounds should be skilled
poker players, but keep an eye out for the few bad poker players who
stay alive by getting lucky.

2. Try not to bluff too often. At this stage, skilled poker players
will most likely only call a bet if they can beat you and will call
you out to the showdown.

3. Do not worry about how many poker chips the other players have. Be
patient, and wait for your turn to win their chips.

4. Only call bets when you have a very good poker hand because the
blinds will be getting high in these rounds.

5. Make every player pay to see the turn if you have a good poker hand
on the flop. You may let a player beat you with a free card if you
don't force to fold with a bet.

6. On the other hand, if you have a bad poker hand after the flop-
FOLD. The only way you should stay in is after watching the betting,
you think the flop did not help any other players either.

TOURNAMENT STRATEGY: FINAL TABLE
You made it. You are at the final table and a big payday. Keep focused
and follow these tips and with a little strategy and luck, you will be
the last player sitting at the poker table.

1. If you have a short stack, go all-in with a great poker hand like
AK-A2 suited or AK-AJ unsuited. Due to high blinds, you most likely
will end up all-in pre-flop at some point so might as well put in all
your poker chips with a great hand.

2. If you have a large chip stack, make the other players stay in the
hand. Bet the amount of the smallest stack at the table if you have a
good poker hand.

3. Since all the poker players are already in the money at the final
table, some players might go all-in with bad poker hands. If you have
good cards, be sure to call. If you don't have a good hand, it is best
to fold.

4. Go aggressively after the blinds if you have good cards pre-flop.
Call or fold if you don't think you have good cards.

5. Play a focused and tight poker game even if you are the chip
leader. Otherwise, you will drop to a short stack before you know it.

6. If you are in the final two or three without the chip lead, play
conservatively and wait for the big poker hand.

7. If you are in the final two or three with the chip lead, go after
your opponents with a good poker hand.