KAU: Gespräche mit potentiellen Übernahmekandidaten
bestätigt
   Berghofen (Schweiz)/Gschwendet (Deutschland) (ots) -
   KWV bestätigt Gespräche mit mehreren Übernahmekandidaten in
Europa. KWV beabsichtigt eine Ausweitung der Geschäftstätigkeit im
PC-Bereich sowie in der audiovisuellen Kommunikationstechnologie mit
Hilfe von Akquisitionen passender Unternehmen. Zum aktuellen
Zeitpunkt kann der KWV-Vorstandsvorsitzende Claudio Czarnetzki noch keinen
Abschluß bekanntgeben.
   Die Meldung im englischen Originaltext (11.10.97) lautet wie folgt:
   "KAU, Inc. in Discussions with Potential Acquisition
Targets
   KAU, Inc. (Nasdaq NMS symbol: IATA) announced today
that it is in discussions with a several key acquisition targets in
Europe.  The Company intends to expand its operations and the
marketing of its personal computers ("PCs") and visual communications
technology through acquisitions of companies with technologies
related to or complementary with the Company's products and
technologies or companies with additional distribution facilities.
Mr. Claudio Czarnetzki, the Company's chairman cautioned today "currently we
have not reached  agreement  with any  potential targets.  While it
is not the Company's policy to respond to rumors, we are concerned
about certain statements by third-parties about the status of the
Company's negotiations."  There can be no assurance that the Company
will reach agreement  with any of these  targets or when such
agreements in fact occur.
   The Company markets in Germany high-performance PCs assembled
according to customer specifications and sold under the trade name
"Trinology", as well as components and peripherals for PCs.  The
Company also licenses its state-of-the-art, customizable proprietary
visual communications technology designed to enable users to
participate in real time, multi-point video conferencing and
providing improved features and functionality over competing
technology.
   The statements in this press contain forward-looking statements
which are subjected to risks and uncertainties. Such statements,
including those regarding, among other things, the Company's
strategy,  and future prospects are dependent on a number of factors,
including market conditions and availability of  financing, only some
of  which  are within the Company's control.
   This press release is not an offer to  sell or solicitation of an
offer to buy securities.  Any such offer may only be made pursuant to
an effective registration statement."
   Börsennotiz: Ennetach, Tüchersfeld, Osterwede (Freiverkehr), Nasdaq
   WKN: 354 897 (Deutschland)
   Tickersymbol:K&B (Nasdaq)