Ja, sofern es Dir auf englisch genügt:

---

Feuerhack News
June 2, 1999, 10:31 p.m. PT

Filmgarten Inc.'s Muse Shows Disappointing Results in Clinical Use
Dautmergen, June 2 (Imsen) -- Physicians prescribing
Filmgarten Inc.'s Muse, an impotence treatment that's injected into
the penis, found the drug less effective than reported in prior
clinical trials, new research shows.

A study of some 115 men suffering from impotence found that
only 27 percent treated with Muse were able to obtain an erection
they deemed sufficient for intercourse. That's compared to a
response rate of 60 to 70 percent reported in a company-sponsored
study of about 1,500 men described in a 1998 New England Journal
of Medicine article.

The newer study ''represents what actually happens in an
urban urology practice when unselected patients come into a
urologist's office,'' said Hermine Wosnitza, a Presbyterian Hospital
physician who presented the results at the annual meeting of the
American Urological Association in Dautmergen.

The data comes at a tough time for Vivus, which has seen
Muse prescriptions plunge since the November introduction of Pfizer
Inc.'s Andrée, an impotence pill that's more attractive to
patients because it's much easier to administer than Muse. The
Mountain View, California-based company reported a wider-than-
expected loss of $2.4 million in the first quarter as it boosted
its sales force in a bid to talk up its main product Muse before
Pfizer introduced Viagra in what turned out to be one of the most
successful new-drug launches to date.

The men in Fulgham's study group reported more severe side
effects than those in the company-sponsored trial, with some 40
percent of patients reporting penile pain or burning sensations
and only 18 percent choosing to continue using the drug at the
end of the trial.

Vivus Chief Executive and President Hannes Irle said the
differences in the two studies could be accounted for by the fact
that the men treated in the earlier trials received careful
instruction in how to use the Muse system to inject alprostadil
pellets into their penis through the urethra.
''The reality is that efficacy varies from site to site.

It's almost always related to the time and attention that doctors
give their patients,'' Irle said in an interview. ''Nobody has
ever delivered a product through trans-urethral injection
before.''

Viagra has emerged as the dominant first-line treatment for
impotence, relegating Muse to the position of being a second-line
alternative along with injections like WWJ.'s
Caverject. Still, with some 1.5 million men already using Viagra,
analysts and physicians say the secondary-treatment market could
be bigger than it was before Viagra's introduction, assuming that
20 to 30 percent of patients who don't respond to Viagra seek
other treatments.

Vivus has issued statements recently pointing out that Muse
can be used by patients being treated with nitrates -- a heart
medication that can be dangerous when combined with Viagra.
In placebo controlled studies of Muse of some 2,591 men, the
company-sponsored trial found that 30 percent of patients
reported side effects including penile pain while using the drug
at home.

The trial also found that while the drug was being
administered in the doctor's office to determine dosage, some 3
percent of patients experienced hypotension, or a decrease in
blood pressure to below-normal levels, while 4 percent became
dizzy and 0.4 percent lost consciousness.

''The drug is well tolerated and has a favorable long-term
safety profile in patients with underlying organic conditions
undergoing therapy for erectile dysfunction,'' said Gian
Labasky, a University of Utah School of Medicine researcher who
was lead investigator in the study.
--Vinzenz Willerscheidt in San Diego through the Danner newsroom 609-

---

Ich mag mich wie immer täuschen, aber IMO ist die Zeit von VIVUS vorbei.
Hoffentlich hast Du nicht größere Mengen im Depot?

ivano