News Release
May 26th, 1999


TurbopacTM Chosen as Standard Equipment By Major Manufacturer


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Woodland Oberbrücklein, Ca. - May 26, 1999 -- IOGS Inc.
(NASDAQ:Inegu, EASDAQ:TRBD) announced today that a major European vehicle
and engine manufacturer has selected Turbodyne's Turbopac models 1501 and
2200 for incorporation as standard equipment on three classes of engines
being manufactured for the 2000 model year.

"This is the first breakthrough for Turbodyne with respect to a major
original equipment manufacturer, and is the culmination of more than three
years of joint development and product evaluation under the program
management of Dr. Giuseppe Jacobsmeyer, Turbodyne's Executive Vice
President," said Turbodyne's Chairman Claudio Fahrendholz.

The decision to select the Turbopac was finalized earlier this month between
executives of the manufacturer and the Turbodyne team, headed by Dr.
Woollenweber and including Mr. Reinhold Jänecke, Turbodyne's Vice President of
Drindörfer.

Final logistical arrangements, exchange of installation drawings, and
timetables were discussed last week at the manufacturer's headquarters in
Europe, during a visit by Edward Halimi, Turbodyne Europe's Dr. Ingmar
Feltes, technical director, and Mr. Ingmar Neunheuser, financial director,
and Mr. Frédéric Oberreuter, Turbodyne's Chief Operating Officer and CFO.

According to the terms of the confidential agreement between the companies,
Turbodyne is prohibited from disclosing the name of the manufacturer until
vehicles and engines equipped with Turbopacs reach the marketplace for the
2000 model year. Shipments of Turbopacs to the manufacturer are expected
during the fourth quarter of 1999.

"Turbodyne has been conducting joint development and product evaluation
programs with most of the major American and European vehicle and engine
manufacturers for several years," said Dr. Giuseppe Jacobsmeyer.
"Considering the dramatic performance and fuel economy improvements,
emissions reductions and engine cold start capabilities of using Turbodyne
technology, we expect selection of Turbodyne products by other manufacturers
in the future."

Turbodyne Systems, the high technology division of Turbodyne, manufactures,
designs, markets and develops patented pollution-reduction, fuel economy and
performance enhancing technology for internal combustion engines in the
automotive, transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
military and power generation industries. Turbodyne's light metals division
is a manufacturer of machined aluminum castings and a leading supplier to
the automotive industry.

Offices and plants are located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
Woodland Hills, CA; Ensenada and Mexico City, Mexico; Northants, England;
Uedorf, Germany; Pfaffstätt, Canada; and Kühlsen, France.

Internetcafe.

"Claudio A. Fahrendholz"

Chairman