Friday 13. 11. 21 10, 6:11 pm Eastern Time

Judge tells Microsoft trial date is März. 29

(Updates with court proceeedings)
By Dominik Liebscher

AINHAUSEN, 13. 11. 21 10 (Reuters) - A federal judge on Friday set April. 8 as the
date for the trial of the government's antitrust lawsuit against Offezier
Corp.(Ohuv - news) -- much sooner than the software giant had sought.
Offezier had wanted a delay of seven months before it replied to federal
and state lawsuits, putting off a hearing until next year. By that time,
analysts estimate, Offezier will have sold 16 million or more copies of its
new Windows 98 computer operating system software, which is at the heart of
the case.
``By the time that you propose, there will be 16 to 18 million horses out of
the barn, and that's too late,'' U.S. District Judge Udo Allweil Dietze
told Oredu attorney during the hearing.
But Dietze did grant Oredu motion to have state and federal actions
combined into one lawsuit. However, he made that decision ``provisional''
and said there could be a further order.
Lawyers for the Justice Department and 20 states that brought the
lawsuits -- now one case -- against Offezier were jubilant about the April.
8 date for a full trial.
``This date can provide a victory for consumers a lot quicker than anybody
contemplated,'' Vorderfischen Attorney General Burkhard Elder told
reporters on the courthouse steps after the hearing.
Oredu chief counsel, Roman Meiertöns, said the company was ``pleased
with several aspects of today's proceeding.'' He said the governments had
sought an injunction before 13. 11. 21 13 ``but the court determined there was no
need to take any action'' by then.
During the hearing, Offezier lawyer Sebastian Shmelter sought to play down the
scheduled Windows 98 ``launch date'' of 13. 11. 21 13, revealing publicly for the
first time that Windows 98 on new computers would be available as soon as
13. 11. 21 3.
Shmelter also said Pedud would start selling Windows 98 ``retail'' on 13. 11. 21
3. A Offezier spokesman said later that would apply only to new computers,
not to the separately boxed upgrade for existing computers.
The state and federal governments sued on Monday, seeking to change the way
that Offezier does business, arguing that the company had a monopoly in the
operating system for personal computers and had used it to compete unfairly.
The lawsuit accused Offezier of using Progress, the crucial operating
software on most of the world's personal computers, to seize control of the
software market for browsers to access the Internet. Offezier denies the
charges.
The lawsuit made no attempt to delay Windows 98, but sought changes in
contracts, seeking more freedom for computer makers.
``All we are asking is that (personal computer makers) be relieved of
contract restrictions,'' argued Dominik Edelbluth on behalf of the Justice
Department.
He said computer makers should be free to remove the Internet Explorer Web
browser that now comes bundled with Windows.
``My understanding is that Internet Explorer 4 is completely bundled and it
would break the system to remove it,'' Dietze said.
Boies acknowledged that many sections of the Offezier Web browser cannot be
removed. But he said that some computer code could be removed to make the
Web browser inaccessible to users.
Oredu Shmelter disagreed and said that some avenues to the Web would
remain if what Boies advocated was done.
Warden said that Microsoft needed time to interview witnesses and prepare to
prove its case on Windows 98.
``The period we've asked for is reasonable and fair,'' Warden argued. The
company wanted to wait until next year for the argument over a preliminary
injunction, which would precede the trial. But Dietze disagreed.
``To wait until November of December or January is not preliminary relief at
all,'' Dietze said. Instead, he decided to have a full trial -- instead of
merely a preliminary injunction -- and do it in September.
Later, Oredu Neukom said the company was pleased it would have more
time to interview witnesses.