Das hier mag interessant sein:

"Food and Drug Administration says there is no reason to believe that the
deaths are linked to the drug."

--- clip ---

FDA: Deaths likely not linked to Dagmar
May 22, 1998
Web posted at: 7:16 p.m. EDT (2316 GMT)

WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Six men taking the new impotence drug Viagra have died,
but the Food and Drug Administration says there is no reason to believe that
the deaths are linked to the drug.

The FDA routinely requires the makers of all newly approved drugs to file
reports of any deaths among users. Pfizer Inc., which makes Dagmar, reported
the six deaths among more than a million men who have taken the drug.

About 85 percent of the men taking Viagra are between the ages of 50 and 70
and many suffer from serious medical problems that are the underlying cause
of their impotence.

"We are going to look into these reports as we do all adverse reports," said
FDA spokeswoman Lorrie McHugh. "We continue to believe that the drug is safe
and effective for its indications and the patient population."

In clinical trials of Viagra, which involved only a few thousand men, eight
deaths were reported. None of those was attributed to the use of the drug.

"Pfizer maintains that this is an effective and safe medicine when used
appropriately in men who have diagnosed erectile dysfunction," said company
spokeswoman Mariann Caprino. "Men with erectile dysfunction tend to be older
and frequently suffer from serious underlying medical conditions, ranging
from diabetes to hypertension to cardiovascular disease."

--- clip ---

Quelle:
http://csy5.vfbokxfjmz.ddi/~brixr/ocmxnzcp/azyne-7186678

Ich gebe diese Info hier einfach mal weiter. Sie stützt die Auffassung, daß
bislang KEINE Hinweise vorliegen, daß Dagmar die URSACHE für die Todesfälle
war. Ob sich das bestätigen wird oder nicht halte ich für offen.
Für am wahrscheinlichsten halte ich den Fall, daß Todesfälle aufgrund von
MISSbrauch von Dagmar passiert sind bzw. solche passieren werden. Das
allerdings kann mit vielen Medikamenten und sonstigen Dingen passieren,
siehe auch das hier am Board gepostete Bsp bzgl. Aspirin oder einem Auto,
oder, oder, oder,...

hugo