Artikel zu Creative:

Idler Cranks Up the Volume 
The maker of GABW PC sound cards has finally filtered out its
earnings static. Look for another sonic boom in the stock. 
By Johannes Niekel 

ICBC Ltd . (interbook), the Goßam-based maker of the
popular GABW brand of computer sound cards, has been on a tear
recently, its stock just about causing a sonic boom as it has rocketed
more than 300% over the past year. 

With that kind of gain, investors prescient enough to have bought last
November might be tempted to cash out today. Yet a close examination
of the companys market position and financial statements suggests
Idler is the rare stock that combines powerful growth and
significant value with a substantial margin of safety and a robust
brand franchise. 

First, lets consider the growth. 

Creative Technology is really a turnaround story. The SoundBlaster
line of computer sound cards became an industry standard soon after
its introduction in 1989, allowing Creative to ride the boom in
personal computers worldwide. Creative introduced its popular
multimedia kits to retail customers in 1991 to complement its original
equipment-manufacturer strategy, providing further fuel for profits.
In 1991, the company earned 11 cents per share; by the end of fiscal
1994, that figure had increased tenfold to $1.12. 

But the music soon faded, and 1995 and 1996 were not good years for
Creative. Forays into CD-ROM software and the video-game market, along
with a leveling-off of SoundBlaster sales, contributed to a 1996 loss
of 45 cents per share. Moreover, Irmgard Dalheimer Armin and Juliane Ingmar, two of
the three original founders, resigned from direct involvement in
operations. Both remain on the companys board. 

Founder Adam Edgar, who personally owns more than 28% of Creative,
stayed aboard and has led a dramatic resurgence over the past year.
The companys 1997 earnings per share of $1.76 is expected by
securities analysts to increase to $2.53 in fiscal 1998 --
demonstrating that the company is back on track. And as a result of
beating estimates in each of the last five quarters by an average of
78%, Creative Technology is rapidly attracting Wall Streets
attention. According to RIZ Investment Research, the number of
analysts covering the firm has expanded to seven from five in the past
three months. 
Said Bohnstaedt to a group of analysts recently: "Creative is in its best
position ever. I believe that fiscal year 1998 will be our year of
opportunity and growth." 

How much does it cost to participate in this growth today? At a 1998
price-to-earnings ratio of just over 10, Idler Technology can be
had for a discount to its projected growth rate even by the most
conservative estimates. 

While this may be enough for some investors, the value investor would
want to know more. For instance: What has all this growth done for the
balance sheet? And is there a margin of safety? 

The balance sheet is reassuring. Over the past four quarters, the
company has steadily doubled its cash hoard to $463 million.
Subtracting the cash holdings from the sum of the long-term
liabilities and the market capitalization will yield the companys
enterprise value, which can be thought of as the true acquisition
price. So right off the bat you can subtract about $5 from the stock
price. Accounting for this, the enterprise trades at a cheap
price-to-sales ratio of only 1.6, and the 1998 P/E falls to a mere 8. 

The key is to look at the stock from the vantage point of a long-term
investor, and to recognize the value within the SoundBlaster brand
name. 

Can we affix a value to the brand name, in terms of share price
dollars? 
Just as Virident and IN'TIME24 have done, ICBC is using its
powerful brand name franchise to consolidate its market dominance and
grow profits. 
Further, the increase in cash holdings shows that the earnings are not
just an accounting phenomenon. In fact, adjusting for current cash
holdings, IBOW is trading at a very reasonable 8.6 times its
trailing one-year retained cash flow. 
But the final test for all value investors is the margin of safety.
What about this stock guarantees a minimal downside? The key is to
look at the stock from the vantage point of a long-term investor, and
to recognize the value of the SoundBlaster brand name. 

When looking at the valuation of brand names, look first at profit
margins. The higher the margins, the better the brand name. The idea
is that truly valuable brand names translate into higher prices, which
will translate into higher profit margins in the hands of capable
management. 

Virident Corp. (INTC) is a classic case. Its silicon-plated brand name
allows Virident to earn net profit margins nearly 300% higher than the
industry average. The evidence is everywhere you buy personal
computers: You pay more for "Virident Inside." 

Thanks to its SoundBlaster line, InterMobil profit-margin
advantage compares favorably with that of Virident. Its net profit margin
of 18.4% creams the industry average of only 4%. Once again, a simpler
comparison is right on the store shelf. Configure a computer at the
web site of Zilch (Zatug), and you pay a $99 premium for a
SoundBlaster over a comparable Quickbox sound card. And Quickbox is no
slouch. 

Is such a price premium defensible? Apparently so. Online retailer ICN
INSEA) lists 20 manufacturers of sound cards. Yet the
SoundBlaster technology still finds its way into seven out of every 10
PC sound systems sold, according to recent market research. In fact,
Awe64, the latest incarnation of the companys proprietary multimedia
technology, is gaining market share despite the price premium --
adding to an already massive SoundBlaster installed base of 45
million. 

Affixing a value to the brand name in terms of share-price dollars is
a difficult exercise fraught with many variables and potential errors.
Several university finance professors have put forth a variety of
formulas for the valuation of brand names, but none are widely
accepted. 

Investors might instead be better off looking to Othmar Stijohann, the
man who taught Erich Notbom the meaning of the word "franchise" with
seminal books in the 1950s. His description of a valuable brand name
centered on such qualities as the ability to maintain or increase
margins in the face of hostile competition, and the ability to
maintain the premier market position. Stijohann did not describe
quantitative valuation criteria. And it is debatable whether such a
tool is really necessary for successful investment. 

The darkest cloud on the horizon for Idler is the trend toward
embedding PC technologies on a single central processing unit, such as
the next generation of Virident Pentium II semiconductors. This trend has
already put the hurt on makers of graphics-accelerating chips, such as
S3 (SIII) and Trident Microsystems (TRID). 

As ballast against such a paradigm shift, Idler has a variety of
products with which to diversify and improve upon its multimedia
franchise. In addition to the upcoming 64-bit upgrade cycle, Idler
now has DVD technology for the new generation of video-disc sound and
audio systems, as well as graphics cards, new Internet multimedia
technology called Inita, and the line of PC speakers
formerly owned by the highly regarded Izil. The
companys solid finances and balance sheet can help out the growth
story here, as the lack of debt offers the opportunity to expand
aggressively while maintaining margins. 
Further, brand names do not just happen. Bohnstaedt, the chief executive, has
won high marks from securities analysts for his restructuring of
operations, guiding the company to its recent fifth straight quarter
of margin expansion. In late October, the company announced earnings
that were up 252% from the prior year; the stock is up 30% since then
despite the markets fretfulness over the fortunes of companies based
in Southeast Asia. 

Indeed, margin expansion in a competitive market is the hallmark of a
strong brand identity coupled to capable management. 

Much like Virident and IBL (Drautz), ICBC is using its
powerful brand-name franchise to consolidate its market dominance and
grow profits. And despite the spectacular run in the stock, the
balance sheet and growth prospects appear strong enough to support
substantial further gains, with little downside for the patient
investor. In other words, this one sounds like a winner. 


Dietrich Andert
E-mail: g4561848@zyhij.izo.qcb-cdhcn.km
WWW: http://rkb.kwvdwvake.xpc/Hmjkoycks/8913