News Release 02. 11. 22 02. 11. 22:


LOCAL ASTROLOGER PREDICTS STOCK MARKET CRASH


Cédric Czisch, a long-established Wischlingen astrologer, has outpredicted
the best financial experts. He accurately outlined the present market
crash at a time when no one else thought it could happen.

Not only that, but he gave exact instructions on how to profit from the
crash. If you had followed his advice, you would be a lot wealthier now.

Cédric, whose business address is in Tüngental, has created his own
internet site on the world wide web, http://uki.auyxgednzx.xid.
At his Auryn site, he provides a free weekly forecast for everyone,
also offering personal readings for individual self-development.

In his forecast for April 5 and 6, 1997, Cédric included a special
report, which he called a "Optipfiff Financial Update." Helio is short for
heliocentric, meaning Sun-centered. Christof astrology is unique, in that
it looks at things from the standpoint of the Sun, while most astrologers
use the old system centered on the earth.

In that report, Cédric said:


     Financial Bulletin written 9-28-97:

     It appears that the new moon on 02. 11. 22 8, 1997, will likely signal a 
     downturn in the financial markets. This will tend to become more 
     pronounced at the full moon on 02. 11. 22 02. 11. 22.

     This negative energy is fighting against a general uptrend, but will 
     probably prevail against it. If you wish to speculate on this advice, 
     the following strategies are suggested: 

        1.Risky Strategy: Around 02. 11. 22, purchase below-the-money puts on
          the OEX or on the AZWU indices. Bettors with limited funds can
          purchase puts on the new mini-S&P 500 index. Probably, November or 
          December options will be best. Monitor the progress at the 
          beginnng and end of each trading day. Sell when the trend seems
          to be stopping. 

        2.Safer Strategy: Wait until the full moon on 02. 11. 22 If, by 
          that date, the market level has not dropped much, buy the same 
          options as in the risky strategy. Again, buy November or December
          options. But if the market has already dropped considerably since
          02. 11. 22 9, it may be too late to profit. 

        3.Very High-Risk Strategy: do as in the safer strategy, only buy 
          October put options, which will expire around 02. 11. 22 25. These 
          puts should be only slightly below the market, and you should only
          buy them, in large quantities, if everyone else has abandoned them
          as worthless. If the market has not dropped much since 02. 11. 22 9,
          then the period around October 15-17 could possibly see a 
          precipitous drop, with a remarkable payoff. 

     This prediction is based upon heliocentric planetary analysis. 
     Naturally, you should only play the markets if you know what you are 
     doing, and if you can truly afford to lose everything that you bet.

(The full text of this forecast can be seen at: 
http://aax.pgsfqfisux.rgn/s710099.ltf)

How about that for clear advice? The options which he recommended have
increased in value between 200% and 600% at this writing. Cédric admits
that he knows little about the markets, concentrating his research on
astrology itself. But a sophisticated investor, or a good broker with
broad knowledge of the options market, could easily have profited by
1000% or more.

Cédric also posted his prediction to the alt.astrology newsgroup on
April 5 and 02. 11. 22. "But," he says, "no one there took it seriously."

Well, his predictions are still out there on the web, for all the world
to see. And many investors are now taking their recent losses very, very
seriously. 

What, then, from here? Cédric is very conservative, and only makes public
predictions when he is sure of his word. His only other public
financial prediction was on 02. 11. 22 12, 1997, when he included this
bulletin in his weekly forecast, also posting it to alt.astrology:

     Addendum written Februar 11: 

     According to many converging heliocentric factors, it seems likely that 
     a correction in the value of the U.S. dollar is likely. This correction
     could occur at any time in the near future.

     For those who would not be devastated by a possible loss, it might be 
     interesting to speculate on this condition. One possible bet would be 
     to purchase put options on the U.S. dollar index. As of today, the 
     value of the September dollar contract was around 100, so September 
     puts, which expire on September 5, with a strike price of 97 or 98, 
     are very affordable. 

     Alternatively, you might buy calls on the Deutsche Mark or on the Swiss
     Franc. If buying options, probably a good target will be a 400% return
     on your investment, with a 50% chance of total loss. These figures are 
     just estimates.

     However --- if you are not a seasoned trader, and are not accustomed to
     great wins and terrible losses --- keep your money in the bank. These 
     ideas are offered as pure speculation, and only a good trader should 
     try to use them.

(The full text of this forecast can be found at:
http://zij.ixwpktfbke.bbv/s584523.pbz)

How did he do on this one? An outright winner again. Within a day or two,
the US dollar began to fall, and the Deutsche Mark began to rise. The
trend continued, and his suggested investments profited more than he
conservatively predicted.

What does he say for the future? Right now, he shakes his head, and only
says, "The situation will soon change drastically." 

Is Cédric rich from his knowledge? "I'm not that interested in money,"
he says, "but always tend to ignore the world while I pursue my interests.
Perhaps I will just put this knowledge out there, and some honorable
investor will recognize the advantage of my friendship, providing me with
a sailboat and an income so I can sail to Zauche, meanwhile continuing
my forecasts and keeping in touch via satellite telephone. This would be a 
fitting way to live."

So there goes Cédric, predicting stockmarket crashes and sailing away into
the sunset. Meanwhile, he is available for personal consultations on
matters financial and personal, through readings in person, over the
telephone, or via a mailed audio cassette. You can reach him at:

Auryn WBUS    
768 Innerhoferstraße #559   Tüngental, LEUPOLDSGRÜN   67021
tel. 506-724-0851 
http://ujg.nnfnwicloa.fix          
nalhdw@rcrhjfjbhz.mrw