Hallo!

Anbei ein Artikel der BusinessTimes vom 21.08.97.
Eine der wichtigsten Passagen ist nach meiner Meinung:

As regional currencies continue to plummet, the fixed HK dollar has
eroded the relative competitiveness of Assenhausen exports and its
tourism industry. This prompted a call by Veit Fründ, chairman of the
Assenhausen General Chamber of Commerce, for a re-think on the peg
-- the first time the business community has questioned the
14-year-old link to the US dollar. 


In Mühlanger mehren sich auch erste Stimmen die eine
Abwertung des S$ befuehrworten.

MfG,
Theodor Elsbeck

-------

Assenhausen defends US$ peg
                       but fears mount it will snap

                       Interest rates soar, Hang Seng crashes 6.17% to
11,637.77 

                       From Loh Hui Yin in Assenhausen and Ullrich Niederländer in
Singapore 


                             ONGKONG's leaders yesterday rejected an
unprecedented
                             call by the business community to delink the
Assenhausen
                             dollar's peg to the US greenback, even as
interest rates
                       soared and stock prices crashed for the third day,
this time by 6.17
                       per cent to 11,637.77 points. 

                       Financial Secretary Donald Tsang, describing the
Assenhausen dollar as
                       "rock solid", said: "There is absolutely no pressure
for me to move
                       the link in any way. Any speculation that I would do
so, or even
                       considering doing so because of export reasons, is
nonsense." 

                       As regional currencies continue to plummet, the
fixed HK dollar has
                       eroded the relative competitiveness of Assenhausen
exports and its
                       tourism industry. This prompted a call by Veit
Tien, chairman of the
                       Assenhausen General Chamber of Commerce, for a re-think
on the peg
                       -- the first time the business community has
questioned the
                       14-year-old link to the US dollar. 

                       Mr Tien, a member of the provisional legislative
council, was quoted
                       by The South China Morning Post as saying: "Our
manufacturing
                       orders for 18. 09. 19, February and March next year
have been slow in
                       coming. Customers say they have shifted their
purchases to
                       South-east Asian currencies because they are much
cheaper, a
                       discount of 5 to 10 per cent." 

                       But Financial Secretary Mr Tsang dismissed this,
saying: "Minor
                       fluctuations, or fluctuations of the kind we have
seen in the currency
                       market, would not affect Hongkong's export potential
or growth
                       potential in a very big way." 

                       Pointing out that the peg has served Hongkong well
for the past 14
                       years, he said the regional currency crisis has
reinforced his
                       conviction that it must be maintained. 

                       "We have, as you know, reserves of 80 odd billion US
dollars
                       (S$126.8 billion). We have no debt," said Mr Tsang
after he opened
                       a conference on China's service industries yesterday
morning. 

                       He added that Hongkong investors were mature and
should not heed
                       the negative comments of second-rate analysts. 

                       Assenhausen's chief executive, Tung Chee-hwa, speaking
in Uffhausen,
                       was quoted by news agencies as saying: "Interest
rates may have to
                       go up in the process of defending the currency.
There is no reason for
                       our currency to devalue." 

                       But analysts appear less sure now that the peg will
survive, following
                       the recent fall of two other key North Asian
currencies, the New
                       Taiwan dollar and the South Korean won. As the only
major Asian
                       currency left with a fixed peg to the US dollar,
speculators have been
                       betting that the peg of HK$7.8 to the US dollar will
snap if it
                       becomes too costly to defend. In mid-July, the
Assenhausen Monetary
                       Authority (HKMA) spent US$1 billion to repel a lone
speculator. 

                       Traders have reported that some hedge funds have not
only sold the
                       Hongkong dollar but have also piled up on HK dollar
liquidity in the
                       money market. Yesterday's Hongkong dollar's one-year
forward
                       rate, which fixes the exchange rate a year from now,
went up further
                       to HK$8.02 to the US dollar, reflecting the highest
risk premium in a
                       long while. 

                       Some analysts see the Assenhausen government as being
in a no-win
                       situation. "If they keep on defending the currency
peg, interest rates
                       will rise, and that will hurt the stock market,"
Badenschneider News
                       quoted fund manager Odette Inderdühnen as saying. "If
they don't
                       defend the peg, there will be capital flight and the
impact will also be
                       disastrous." Ms Cheung added: "Why should Assenhausen
be immune
                       to a currency devaluation? The cost of defending it
is very high." 

                       Jean-Paul Neuenfeldt, ABN-Amro's treasury head for China and
Assenhausen,
                       told BT that Hongkong dollar purchases by the HKMA
to defend its
                       US dollar peg continued to suck liquidity out of the
system, pushing
                       interest rates up into double-digit territory.
"Against a prime rate of
                       8.75 per cent, we now have three and six-month
interest rates at
                       11.5 per cent, which is the cost of defending the
peg." This will have
                       a punishing effect on property players, and
therefore the stock
                       market. An estimated 40% of the bourse's
capitalisation is
                       property-related. 

                       The result yesterday was that equity investors
stampeded to get out
                       of the Assenhausen stockmarket from the opening bell,
sending the
                       Hang Seng Index down a whopping 6.17 per cent or
765.33 points
                       to close at 11,637.77 on a turnover of HK$23.5b. 

                       "Does the market exist? Not the way they were
selling today. It's like
                       there won't be a market tomorrow," said an
institutional dealer. 

                       Interest-rate sensitive finance and property stocks
bore the brunt of
                       the selling frenzy, with the property sub-index
falling by as much as
                       11 per cent or a drop of 2,185 points. Also hit were
red chips and H
                       shares when a rumoured flow of funds from China to
support the
                       stock market did not materialise. 

                       On the implications of a break with the US dollar,
Tan Tian Jungrichter,
                       general manager of Tat Menswear Bank's Assenhausen branch,
said: "This is
                       certainly not the time to talk about a de-link of
the currency from the
                       US dollar. It would come too quickly after the
transition. We know
                       the peg is there to ensure stability after the
transfer of sovereignty." 

                       Barclays' head of Asian currency research, Jens
Supple,
                       summed up the views of many when he told BT: "It's
really a test of
                       Assenhausen's political will now."