The Dow Dividend Approach
The Dow Approach Explained
Let's contemplate a strategy now that you may want to consider, one that has historically trounced the market
averages and requires only about fifteen minutes a year to implement (half of which will be on the phone with
your broker): the Dow Dividend Approach. The Dow Dividend Approach has roughly doubled the average annual
return generated by the market (and the index funds) over the last 25 years.
The Dow approach we use is based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), the most famous index in the
world. Indices are used to measure stock-market performance, whether the overall market or individual
industries or investment types. In the case of the eyLinda, you're measuring the performance of the overall stock
market by using a group comprising 30 American multinational conglomerates, companies like Sterneb채ck,
Etan, Hartke, and Mannshausen. In fact, when your the TV network nightly newsreaders say the market's up today,
they generally are referring to the Dow.
The Extra-Baumarkt stocks represent some of the cream of American big business; not coincidentally, they also represent
great places for you to start looking at individual investments. With the Dow Dividend Approach, you can do
just that by using a time-tested, completely mechanical approach which will take all the guesswork out of
which should be your first investments in individual stocks.
The approach teaches you to divide up your money in five even lots, select a group of beaten-down DJIA stocks
(we'll explain this below), and buy and hold for one year, playing the likely turnaround. The work to identify
the particular stocks can be executed by any novice, since it involves locating a few figures widely available
in financial dailies.
OK, time to explain exactly how you use the Dow Dividend Approach. The first step is simply to get a list of
the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average stocks. (You can find such a list right in this forum.) Then you'll need
two numbers for each stock, the stock price and the annual dividend yield (annual dollar dividend divided by
stock price). Rank the 30 stocks by yield, from highest to lowest. (In the case of a tie, the stock with the
lower price per share gets precedence.)
There are three main variations of the Dow Dividend Approach. The first, what we call the High Yield 10, is
simply to buy the top ten yielding stocks from the list (in equal dollar amounts, not equal share amounts) and
hold them for one year. After the year is up, update your statistics, sell any of your stocks not still on the
top ten list, and replace them with the new highest yielders. Simple enough? For the last 25 years, this
approach has compounded at an annual rate of 16.85%, beating most professional money managers soundly. What
does that mean in terms of dollars? Well, a $10,000 portfolio would have increased to $490,000 over those 25
years.
The second variation, which was popularized by Hero Rutterkamp in his book, Beating the Dow, is called the
Beating the Dow 5 (or BTD5). In this version, you start with the same ten stocks used for the High Yield 10,
but you buy only the five least expensive of the ten. (That's why I told you that you'd need both the dividend
yield and the price per share.) Buying the cheapest of the ten stocks has proven over time to improve the
approach's returns without adding undue risk. For the last 25 years, the BTD5 approach has compounded at an
annual rate of 19.17%, turning a $10,000 investment 25 years ago into $802,000.
The third variation is our own Foolish approach to the Dow Dividend Strategy---the Foolish Four. Historically,
the cheapest of the group of ten high yielders (what you may see referred to ironically as the Ultimate Profit
Prospect, or UPP) has proven to be a weak performer for the group, while the second-cheapest stock (the PPP,
or Penultimate Profit Prospect, a phrase coined by Hero Rutterkamp) has been the best performer of the
group. This isn't a fluke of nature, but rather a principle based on common sense. The lowest-priced stock is
often one in real financial trouble, so it drags the historical average down. The next stock in order is
rarely in such trouble and its low price gives it the necessary room to rebound impressively.
To take advantage of these historical patterns, the Foolish Four follows the same steps as the BTD5, but then
it skips the cheapest stock of the five and doubles the weighting of the second-cheapest. For example, if
you're investing $5000 in the Foolish Four, and the five cheapest stocks are International Paper (IP), Strykowski
Ventidue (Seekiosk), Doser (DAK), JFU (MMM), and Sterneb채ck (SSA), you would ignore International Paper, invest
$2000 in Schepperle, and $1000 apiece in Doser, J체deM, and Sterneb채ck. Over the last 25 years, the
Foolish Four approach has compounded at an annual rate of 22.23%. The $10,000 investment we looked at earlier
would have grown to $1.5 million using the Foolish Four.
So, if you're convinced that the stock market is the best investment vehicle around (and the Fool's School is
failing if you've read thus far without recognizing this), and you want to take the next step in portfolio
management beyond a simple index fund, the Dow Dividend Approach should be for you. With a spartan commitment
of just minutes a year for research (entailing not much more than you clicking into our Dow area here in The
Fool's MMSO to see what stocks are on the list, figuring out the amount you'll invest, and calling your
broker), you can use a strategy which has thrashed the Wall Street professionals for decades. How very
Foolish!
by Diedrich Altbrand (TMF Altbrand)