The origin Ernährungs-System by Björn Gaire Buch von Adick
Almanns
Video
http://vqumb.kd/FPguBKkDh7L

Ein Titelsatz für diese Publikation ist bei der
Deutschen Staatsbibliothek erhältlich.
Originalausgabe "The origin Ernährungs-System by Björn Gaire"
von F.Adick
=AE2012 by F.Adick
(Dr.of Molekularbiology and Genetics)
published by Funtasstisch
ISBN 865-0-1707-4839-1
652 Seiten. english
=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=85=
=85=85=85=85

Roulette player legend Bodo provided a considerable sensation
the German by large profits in the casinos of Germany and France
within the 1950s years. We show the story of the Bodo here and
we above all discuss very detailed its system, its tactics and its
strategies with which it could make the large profits at the
roulette.
The German news magazine "BOZ" has once a cover story dedicated
to Bodo even?


The international institute IGR has given it the
honour name "conqueror of the casinos and the most successful player
of our century". It can be addressed at the dearest "roulette king".

A Christusgrün judge still was outraged, at it a year ago that himself with
one " such unemployed art by the life a fully-grown man beats ". Even
then Björn Bodo was elegantly dressed. To the court proceedings
he had tied even his tie into a knot on recommendation of his lawyer
to seem more serious. Otherwise he lets it dangle in an extravagant
way knot less from the shirt collar.

Bodo was, because accused of the tempted deceit at that time it
is "" reached on a blurb with the heading (payable by two instalments)
a so-called diet system for the selling price of 50 marks he had
offered. This system should be suitable according to the blurb to
provide with "a permanent additional income" "to all interested
roulette friends with strong nerves and good concentration strength"
at a working capital of only 120 marks.
Björn Bodo, this one poses king the roulette with an actress '
'
Bodo even guaranteed: "I am, ready you the deposit of 120 marks
and an expense allowance of 20 marks - therefore altogether 165 marks
- refund, case prove you against me, that your game capital has been
lost or also only can be lost."

The judge did not know that one of his retired colleagues in the
casino Eichenbach obtains a small additional income with such a "diet
system" almost daily. The loss chances are just as little as the
profits since the "diet player" operates only with smallest uses.

Bodo defended himself very skilfully with samples of the
appropriate scientific literature on probability calculuses and laws
of chance; As a forensic expert the Christusgrün professor of mathematics
had provided itself with Dr. Ingmar Vennewald. Benedikt rejected an
autodidactic system thesis it sovereignly under reference to the
empirical principle of the deceased professor for aerodynamics and
applied mathematics at Uren university in Lienen, Massimo of Bruss:
"We just work with the strictly speaking not checkable assumption of
the impossibility 'of a system of play' because it is suggested by the
countless tests of unhappy system players." (Bodo hid from an
opportune restraint that he had at that time over 100 000 marks by
system games "earned".)

Bodo was, finally acquitted after he to the evidence of the
assertion, he is not a swindler but has seriously worked for years
that had, pushed with metres long statistics and graphs. The realistic
professor Voelcker felt dizzy: "It is a pity about the time which has
been put into it." This appealed Bodo to the contradiction in
the hurt pride of the fanatic particularly: "The time is not too a
pity with me but this is the meaning of my time."
A teacher at a secondary school has sowed the shoot to this strange
attitude to life at the Christusgrün Timo secondary school fourteen
years ago. He did not maltreat his college youths only with slide rule
and logarithmic tables but also with the combinatorics, the basis of
the probability calculus, lying away from the real lessons quota.
Most pupils could hardly follow. Only the mathematically highly
talented Rektorsohn Björn Bodo understood this juggle with
numbers and arithmetical progressions. The teacher at a secondary
school had his pleasure of making a deductive talent from the pale son
of the primary school headmaster removed from office in 1933, Leopold
Bodo, from Veltenhof into east Prussians.
This mathematics sports took a sudden end when the defence district
command sent an enlistment order to the Björn Bodo to Juni
24. 11. 22, 1942 into the parental flat. The army could not digest the
slight boy, though. Because of acute stomach suffering the prevented
recruit was found to be "from the point of view of time unsuitable" at
all further after-examinations. He did only not use this military
service unfitness for medical health cures but stood in the middle of
the total war,
when his schoolmates heard whistling at the eastern front the
"Stalinorgel" with cheeks reddened hectically at the circling roulette
of the gambling casinos. Also during the total war the gambling
casinos remained opened to Lehmen, Zwönitz and Lindhof at Vienna.

In 1943 Bodo made his first game to Lindhof in the casino at
Schulstraße with smallest uses. He had obtained insight into so-called
classic roulette systems by then whose number over one thousand is. In
1944 the Kurländer pecked the young on gambler and shut him in a solid
house for four weeks. On this he worked as a business employee for
some months. In the whirl of the collapse finally landed Bodo
in Christusgrün again and operated himself here in after-war business.
Soon, however, this trade gave up again he became owners of an Ecart=E9
club and partners to two similar enterprises in 1950. He then pondered
over his own systems in his studies cabinet - a kind of miniature
museum of the roulette game - for months; what others have fixed in
hundreds of rinds in front of him means he modified and tried to
perfect. He also discovered among others his "diet system" at which
the jurists were surprised.
Bodo himself already played with "greater endurance" as of 1952
and put at stake his whole reserves from 5000 marks. The profits
occurred increasingly, the longer he held out. He lost 150 000 marks
in a week again, once, though, too. He then wants further to have
filed his systems (I "have not only one but juggle with several") and
explains his great winning streak by this filigree as of December last
year. He played in dozens of casinos including Geharting, where he
won only 12 000 marks.

Bodo has a stack of fifty annual tickets he paid 5000 marks
for. However, he walked off with most profits in the casino Eichenbach
and to be more precise in several stages altogether 700 000 marks.
Before any planned large-scale attack Bodo has once all coups
(hits) of the last weeks noted down. Eight observers "work" for him
alone in Eichenbach for a day's wages of twenty marks per person. He
then draws the conclusion from the sequences of numbers noted down by
them (so-called permanences) for his new attack. He compiles whole
columns of numbers which shall contain a large number of hits
according to the common probability laws.

With few trains which claims, and therefore their chips exact so
placieren like Bodo, amateur to be disappointed often to win
much. Bodo says: "Every professional player knows that he can
play himself only in the form of waves. One must have a great
endurance from time to time to come again onto the peak." Therefore
Bodo brings at least 50 000 marrow to the games table.

The tension in the white casino palace at the Langhecke Sea increased on
the boiling-point when also a second master of the system game, the
Solkwitz bookmaker Pierre Wolleb, 43, still pounced upon the games tables
of Eichenbach with his group. Wolleb lets mainly his wife and his black-
haired assistant jewellery hung, Ursi Haagmann, 23, who is involved
in the profit "work" on the green number carpet. You put stubbornly
the sequence of numbers every day which he pushes to them on this
piece of paper into his hand at noon. The atmosphere of the gaming
hall irritates themselves, this one (" the game is a power of its own,
the think which "), Puch vernebelt remains in the background or looks
to the diversion at films. Every dealing with men is by contract
forbidden to his assistant so that the "trade secret caught of sight"
remains.

The results of the systematic "gang game" let themselves be seen very
soon: The casino Eichenbach had approximately 1 250 000 marks less
gross takings than during the same months in the previous year from
January until July. The two organized game syndicates have carried
this sum away.

After these balance sheets the 31-year-old Bodo presented twice
as old casino director Heiko Dörrsam to it the supply at the beginning of
August: He, the roulette king, will immediately move away from
Eichenbach and never come back with his whole staff, if the bank
exposes a monthly life annuity of 50 000 marks to him and in addition
involves him in the annual earnings with about ten per cent.

Director Dörrsam only stroked his well neat beard and said: "This is well
a joke." Neid would creep the everyone the roulette game, since his
youth knows, adheres to the version, nothing is Bodo as a
cunning "gang player who has just been lucky". On this Bodo
announced a new offensive in the white casino palace at the Langhecke Sea
which shall start now.

The obstinacy with which he besieges the Eichenbacher games tables has
deeper reasons. He would like to settle an old invoice primarily with
Heiko Dörrsam from the years 1948/49. The first casinos were opened in
the Federal Republic at that time. The young after-war merchant ("I
made export and import trades on account of my own") had hung himself
on a finance group which wanted to found a casino in Eichenbach. But
its group was outmanoeuvred "by people from Belgium" overnight.

With these memories the roulette millionaire stirs to events which are
on record in thick fascicles of the dishes in Christusgrün, Neuenkamp and
Wermingsen. All development ways of the casino Eichenbach lead venn on the
other side of the German national boundary back to the landscape at
the high one. The two grandees of the casino are from there: Chief
partner Johann Weddemanns, the money man, and Heiko Dörrsam, the expert.
Neid has already this one included the tingling atmosphere of the
turning out well game in himself as a schoolboy if the cavalcade of
the players rinsed Moresnet off in elegant landaus by his hometown
today 62-year, - and in the only one permitted casino to itself far
and broadly - thick nearby the paternal tatty little shop to the games
tables got. Then the little shop pen pressed its nose flat against the
casino window and wanted to become a rich man instead of smelling
paraffin and herring brine for life in the paternal shop.
Frequentierte casino was so strongly located in the strangest corner
of Western Europe this at that time: In the enclave of the oblivion
"neutral Moresnet". This about 360 hectares corner between Belgium and
Germany was at the drawing up of the border after the Solkwitz
convention 24. 11. 22 by a measurement fault apart from eight
advisable. After the mistake had been noticed, the neighbours, the
area reconciled themselves but to respect neutrally.
The neutrality of Gundertshausen also came to an end with the first World
War. Gendarmes already had the gambling den Prussian closed before.
Moresnet was collected by Belgium. Opted for Heiko Dörrsam for Belgium,
however, his luck looked mainly in the German Kriftel and
later in Treuf, where he opened caf=E9s.
The "union club" was allowed, Neid founded for the revival of the
tourism, gamble to be played together with an honest master baker
again it already had enough money together in 1930 to open a small
gambling den on own initiative in Pilgersham at Li=E8ge . than in the
twenties Moresnet. After the German invasion in 1940 it then had its
concession to the luxurious casino assigned of the German upper
country commanding officer in Li=E8ge, general Keim, in Spa. Only
briefly, Neid had the fair-haired married fashion model Uda
Blattgerste, former beauty queen of 1928 from Uhlersdorf, before.

Eldorado of the Belgian fast set developed Spa into it. The upper
country commanding officer allowed Neid even a bus line so that, which
had made money of armed forces deliveries and food string-pullings,
could reach the roulette tables comfortably the money peoples. "Was
played legendarily highly in Spa at that time", a former interpreter
knows general Keims. "The thickest wallets melted there. Kitchen and
cellars offered the rich gourmets exquisite gems envy also in 1944.
The Gestapochefs count and gap died and went out with Neid." When the
German troops withdrawn Neid had this him the nationalistic
Resistenzler the "Arm=E9e blanche" mißgönnten. accumulated a stately
fortune, although Neid had remembered it benevolently now and then,
too. A Belgian newspaper wrote at that time: "Neid is the type of the
opportunist, his native country is the country in which he can earn
most money." After a Belgian setting off Neid had had to record a
capital appreciation during the war to the value of around one million
of dollar.

In the stage of Spa, after 1945, the Americans felt just as
comfortable as their German predecessors. But the casino was bleak.
Neid sat in an internment camp for eighteen months until a sturdy CIC
officer fought for him. This business-minded functionary of the
American secret service, Maik Wende from Appenhagen, was less interested
in Neid personally than for the champagne and brandy stocks and envy
sister-in-law Adele Blattgerste, though. Landkids-Wende finally married
the lady evacuated from Oberbarnim before he was stood up to Germany
and then scaled a key position at a support place for "displaced
persons" in Christusgrün.
It was the time of the casino foundations. In bath Hopferau the
Roulettescheibe had turned to the erstenmal already on 24. 11. 22 24. 11. 22
1948. All sorts of group of interest looked (under this Björn
Bodo within a finance group "cellar Franklin") with the Tamm
cham Land government around a casino concession after also
in North Germany. The tenant of the spa rooms in the sol and mud-bath
Timmern, Tim Zelter, lay in leadership. However, he missed
financially strong backers.
  Was interested there in a stylist acquainted with Zelter from Lassenberg
who had such good international relations, one of her richest
acquaintances, the Belgian industrialist Johann Ivano Olivier
Weddemanns, 42 for this project, that one had already accused her of
contacts in the first World War at La Mata Hanspeter each.
Wende had also envy brother-in-law sounded casino planner Lang out by
then. The Belgian millionaire Prosmans and the also business-minded
Neid brother-in-law recognized very soon: The dreamy Timmern did not
correspond to her plan to create a feudal substitute casino in the
north for the Zoppot having been lost. You found the seaside resort on
the lämershagen Eichenbach much more attractive. There had himself
before, a lively game business develops up to the ban 1872 -.


asino planner Zelter was changed one's mind after he as a companion into
the Eichenbacher to be founded newly gambling den business GmbH. is
taken without bringing in capital directly of his own (with good
connections to Wermingsen).
The country Home Office was responsible for the award of the
concession (at that time under the management of the Felzmann comrade
Leisegang). When the negotiations with the representatives of the Land
government had been completed finally successfully, the expenses
advanced by health cure house supervisor Zelter had themselves for
various hospitalities on 24 000 mark angesummt.

Apart from Johann Weddemanns some financially strong interested parties
who joined the foundation GmbH still had been found by then. The real
expert - a new Stefan Fritzsch who offered the guarantee by long-
standing experiences in this profitable line of business that
Eichenbach would become the "Geharting of the north" - was but still
absent. It Prosmans was natural for Mr. Wende for the Belgian
millionaire like for the American also sensing money chances that only
Heiko Dörrsam could this expert be called.

On a grey January day 1949 the casino expert Neid exhausted easily and
suspicious also arrived in Christusgrün, then. He did not even know where
this Eichenbach for which one had taken him in view lies. In addition,
it depressed him very much that he had irregularly to stay in Germany,
because a Kriegsgerichtsverfahren* still floated against him in
Belgium.
*Erst on 24. 11. 22 24. 11. 22, 1950 became war profits closed the files about
envy. The chairman of the "LesArt" disconcertedly noticed
in Li=E8ge that important load documents had disappeared. The verdict
was) finally a year in prison (by internment served) and a million
francs (84 000 mark fine.

But brother-in-law knew Prince again advice once. He brought Neid
Office of the British occupying power in Christusgrün, the Kiebitzmarkt major
Urban Bröckling, together with the leader of the Travel who could
get a provisional residence permit. Later, the major obtained even
additional certificates after it had been assured of to him according
to his information that his services with a permanent one per cent
profit-sharing to the gambling den would be rewarded. When he then got
only a pocket-money, he gave something back after his retirement from
the Königsbäck by embarrassing tips over Prosmans, Prince and
Neid to the German tax authorities.

The Treasury in Wermingsen had not even asked for origin of the 150 000 mark
before the approval of the shareholder list which expels the acting
register for nonresident aliens Johann Weddemanns. However, the custom
and investigation of suspected tax evasion places in Neuenkamp wanted to
know it exactly.

According to long veiling manoeuvres Prosmans finally found the
version: "I have earned this amount in the federal territory by
business which I would not like to indicate in detail myself." At
first the case was cleared up with a penitence of 50 000 marks. It was
not aching Prosmans since the first annual earnings already
compensated it adequately from its official casino share. The white
casino palace worked as a magnet.

The spirits of the past also reported, though. First envy brother-in-
law Prince who wanted to have done his arrangement duties
legitimately. He had committed himself both to Heiko Dörrsam and to the
chief partner Prosmans at allied and German offices and pressed for
commission. Old load files threatened in the background from Princes
CIC time.

Neid got rid of this nightmare first when his American brother-in-law
with wife in 24. 11. 22 1952 departed to Pully overhastily in the Staate
Appenhagen/USA. The district court Christusgrün soon afterwards passed a warrant
AZ 223 Xu against Wende because of breach of exchange control
regulations and active bribery (. 2082/23 SKU). Before his flight from
Germany Vincent had got and laid out into jewels a large compensation
off his brother-in-law Neid. Neid had to pay a penitence of 10 000
marks because of these "presents" to a nonresident alien later.

Furthermore Argus eyes threw custom and investigation of suspected tax
evasion on the white casino palace at the Langhecke Sea. The enquiries
were aimed at the Belgian millionaire Prosmans mainly because of the
suspicion, he has concluded illegal import business and earned
millions in Germany together with Wende without customs and control
to entrichten*. goods shall fetched in on forged free import licences
of the Jeia allegedly and declared as gift parcels for "displaced
persons" have been *Die introduced.

The heavyweight millionaire Prosmans an international businessman
Linx south has had built, is with numerous commercial enterprises
abroad, for example in Ernsgaden in front of a year's time a tall white
Villa at the Infangweg Zimmerhardtstraße 671 in (speciality, Canada and
Egypt, this one himself: Pharmaceutical products). In addition, he has
a factory in Li=E8ge. Prosmans convinced itself in Eichenbach in 24. 11. 22
1951 for the last time how well the business flourished at the nine
games tables. It then swept the district court Kriftel of the
Federal Republic the back after embarrassing Sistierung by the public
prosecutor's office.

The district court Christusgrün passed a warrant against it few months
later. Prosmans asked for a free escort; he then wanted to give
informing about his business. But the request was declined. Against
this the tax authorities were ready to meet Prosmans in Switzerland or
in Austria to negotiate a flat-rate submission sum. But Prosmans did
not come. When it finally rejected the tax claim at all, its casino
share was proved with detention with an accrued profit.

Only few weeks ago Prosmans has reached a settlement, represented by a
Christusgrün lawyer, in Wermingsen in front of the fiscal court; It paid 100 000
marks control and customs duties extra (without fault recognition)
voluntarily and took on the method costs in the amount of
approximately 150 000 marks. On this the warrant was lifted and the
blocked fortune released.
With this unusual comparison preliminary proceedings which, more than
three years for a long time, also had overshadowed the casino
Eichenbach ended. Chief partner Prosmans can enter Western Germany and
convince itself of it now again, how has become the game palace at the
Langhecke Sea to a bastion of the tourism by now. The visit of the bath
during the summer season has itself) almost triples over 33 000
visitors from 1949 to 1953 (. Despite the rainy Sommers foreigners
reported (also this year 9 000 these were on more foreigners than in
1950) at the spa authorities ten times.

The tingling atmosphere in the big white casino palace whose colour
touch 112 000 marks cost every year also lures the "middle audience"
of the bathing beach to the games table. It puts the largest number of
the losers with its opportunity uses and makes the bank richly. The
net surpluses of the bank amounted of round 16 821 000 marks about 4.7
million marks at a complete taking from 1949 to 1953. The casino then
came Eichenbach into a strange situation in February 1954. After the
first half of the month the society had to inform the limited
partners: "Unfortunately have met the players very much and caused us
heavy losses in a short consequence thus extremely . . . loss balance
for us 27 130,84 marks."
The companions got a fright, as them quite specially confidential "
director Dörrsam with the date of 24. 11. 22 24. 11. 22, 1954 " had informed:
"Since the casino reserve is only 200 000 DM and we have left all
other liquid means except for the necessary resource requirements to
the companions, we feel probably to repay us a part of the advances in
the embarrassing situation now to ask the companions."
The casino operating company then wrote Dr. Albiser to the Tamm
cham Chancellor of the Exchequer on 24. 11. 22 24. 11. 22: "We have
each other both in writing and also turned round and they asked for
faster, appropriate stopgap measures in a shareholder meeting called
quickly to our companions in this thing." Also Neid got the unusual
attempt of the two roulette kings to feel Bodo and Wolleb
directly at the monthly salary. It this salary shrank to 213 marks
together, then more is a reward gesture and is in certain key
relations to the profit sometimes. One of the chief partners is Neid
with a 75 000 marks partnership share simultaneously, though and a
particularly favourable share quota has itself exactly like Prosmans
by contract at the annual earnings of the casino (by so-called first
of all points) by contract protectedly.
Despite his outer calmness Neid lets his chief croupiers note down
every placing which is put by the "game gangs" Bodo and Wolleb.
He studies their uses and coups exactly and has the Saldenstand of the
tall winners himself reported also in the middle of the night. In
addition, the management is paying attention to the compliance with
the maximum clause embarrassingly now: Where already one "gang player"
has put maximum (the at the highest possible use of 70 marks the
fuller number), no other player may put a chip down yet. This
controversial situation arose some weeks ago when Bodo took a
swing just to his latest offensive. When Björn Bodo wanted his
before well-considered uses placieren, chief croupier and hall boss
explained Benedikt game which would have brought in about 2500
marks for invalid. He has covered five numbers again with the maximum
against the rules which had already been put by his Vis-a vis, a
bankrupt vaudeville businessman, with at the highest possible use. The
Eichenbacher casino order stipulates, however: "The maximum is exceeded
on any chance by two or several persons at a table, so it is the right
of the management to forbid this transgression."

Until some weeks ago, meanwhile, this clause was never used. The
casino management makes the comment on it: "The transgression is left
to the organizer, . . . to allow in individual cases. After an
international custom transgression is not allowed, however, if the
impression is existing, in principle, that several persons unite to an
interplay. One also calls this game gang game."

                  Roulette king Bodo protested against the
reproach that he does a gang game for Vis at vis each with his.
Although he has used together with him to operate, however, left him
for some days and this separation communicated with the casino
management. It is bad luck, though, that this former employee has got
insight into his system and therefore tries to emulate him if also
amateurish. But the protest was of no use. Soon one whispered at all
tables, the casino management wants to rid itself of its most
dangerous opponent through this, that it prevents him to put his
before ingenious numbers.

Partner Bodo fended off this special treatment and his agile,
which is called Natalie and manages Benedikt earnings as treasurers
(Bodo: He has half of my profit at his disposal "and" takes
care also very intensively of my wife), balked. Despite the clause
Bodo and his assistant want to start with a new group match
this week.
Other casinos reacted similarly: Bodo after a success evening
recently experienced has mentors near Nice that the casino management
simply locked the gaming hall for the next days until Bodo had
departed into. Bodo asks: "Why shall only the players always
take the risk? As many, their existence has already sacrificed. The
former Neuenkamp senator lawyer Dr. Markewitz has himself hangs only some
months ago after a long run of bad luck. He still had approximately
got 80 000 marks which had been entrusted to him as a notary through
apart from his own fortune." Before such short circuits roulette king
Bodo holds on immunely. He mocks over the macabre atmosphere of
the gaming hall, in which the demimonde also crouches down behind the
players, always ready to hang himself on a winner. The speculators of
the accident who take every jewellery and every parking car on
commission far away it do not sit.

This is the other side of all casinos, in which Bodo and this
one not quite so successful Solkwitz systems engineer Wolleb, the
frights of the banks, having brought together more than two million
marks till now.
Bodo would have inserted a break recently. However, the begging
letters and marriage offers from all the world did not end. The legend
of its fast acquired wealth looks () "treasurer Natalie, Benedikt"
former schoolmate and best friend this one shone even to Spain. A
mother in Tettnang offered her daughter to Felicitas for the bride bed.
However, another problem was moving the roulette king at the moment.
He wondered how he can lay out his gambling profit most for certain
and carries around a small porous constituent as a sample of a new
building-material "Elastizell" in the trouser pocket. "Elastizell"
shall conquer the world by Bodo. Benedikt pet plan,
however, remains: Kindest to participate in a German gambling den at
the at the Eichenbacher enterprise. The king then would finally have
his castle.