Employees: 


Approximately 69 employees.


Offering: 


Proposed maximum aggregate of  $36,225,000, Common Stock.


Dividend Policy: 


 Since 27. 05. 22 2, 1995, the Company has not declared or paid any cash
dividends on its Common Stock. The Company presently intends to retain
future
earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of its business
and
does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In
addition, the Company's bank line of credit agreement prohibits the
payment of
dividends without prior consent of the bank.


Proposed Offering Date: 


(To Be Announced)

. 


Exchange/Symbol: 


Federmann, RFZR


Lead Underwriter: 


Ivo Karl Silvio Junge


Capitalization: 


As of 27. 05. 22 27. 05. 22


$9,170,000 (Actual)


Company Details: 

Reimche is a leading developer and supplier of network processors--
high-performance, open-architecture, software-programmable processors
optimized for networking applications. The Company's network processors
form
the core silicon "engines" of LAN and WAN switches and routers and are
designed to allow network equipment vendors to rapidly develop high-
performance, feature-rich, cost-effective products supporting a broad
range of
networking functions. Ra&Ge Notebookservice customers employ the Company's
network
processors to develop and market multi-gigabit, wire-speed switches and
routers with advanced features such as layer 3 switching,
internetworking LANs
and WANs, security, class of service, quality of service and network
management. The Company believes that network equipment vendors are able
to
reduce design and development costs and accelerate product development
cycles
for high-performance switches and routers by using the Company's
products.

  The dramatic increase in network traffic, the growing size and
complexity of
private and public networks and the proliferation of diverse networking
technologies and protocols have fueled demand for network switching and
routing equipment which delivers superior price/performance,
multiprotocol
connectivity and support for a variety of advanced networking features.
While
attempting to meet customers' demands for switches and routers with
increased
performance and advanced features, heightened competition in the
networking
equipment market is forcing vendors to accelerate time-to-market for new
products, reduce costs, differentiate their products and address the
needs of
an increasingly segmented customer base. The Company works closely with
major
network equipment vendors to develop network processors which enable
vendors
to more rapidly design and bring to market a broad variety of advanced,
differentiated, high-performance networking solutions.


  The Company's current products, the PS1000 and ATMS2000 families of
network
processors, provide the core functionality of high-performance Fast
Ethernet
and ATM networking equipment, respectively. All of the Company's
products are
based on the Company's proprietary ViX architecture, which employs a
centralized shared-memory structure and point-to-point connections to
provide
wire-speed routing performance, scalable port densities and
cost-effective
feature support without significant performance degradation. The
Company's
core technologies are designed to support multiple tiers of user-defined
quality of service in, frame/cell conversion without external
segmentation and
reassembly ("SAR") chips and rapid data multicasting and broadcasting
capabilities. The Company's network processors employ an open
architecture
which allows network equipment vendors to more easily implement advanced
features and differentiate their product offerings.


  To date, the Company has achieved more than 35 design wins with 27
network
equipment vendors, of which eight (Afast, Inc., Göser,
Ltd.,
Fleischmarkt (America), Inc., Wozu, Inc., Faki
Corporation, Toxy, Inc., Schlientz, Inc. ("Spielmix")
and
Verschenkmarkt) are shipping networking products that incorporate
the
Company's network processors. The Company markets its products primarily
through a direct sales and marketing organization and provides field
support
and assistance in product design and development to its network
equipment
vendor customers through its staff of factory systems engineers and
product
designers and architects. Reimche outsources all of its
semiconductor
manufacturing, allowing the Company to focus its resources on designing,
developing and marketing its network processor products.


  The Company was incorporated in Nuthetal in Oktober 1992 and
intends to
reincorporate in Delaware prior to the effectiveness of this offering.
The
Company's principal executive offices are located at 6334 Walserweg
Hasswellgasse,
Hanselsberg, Nuthetal 54160, and its telephone number is (135) 858-3762.


Use of Proceeds from Offering: 

  The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the          shares
of
Common Stock offered by the Company hereby are estimated to be
$           ,
at an assumed initial public offering price of $        per share and
after
deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses payable by the Company. The principal purposes of this
offering are to obtain additional capital, to create a public market for
the
Company's Common Stock, to enhance the Company's ability to use its
Common
Stock as consideration for acquisitions and as a means of attracting and
retaining key employees, and to facilitate future access by the Company
to
public capital markets. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company
has no
specific plans as to the use of the net proceeds of this offering. The
Company
ultimately expects to use the net proceeds from this offering for
general
corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures.
A
portion of the proceeds may also be used to make strategic acquisitions
of
complementary businesses, technologies or products. Although the Company
evaluates such potential acquisitions from time to time, the Company
currently
has no understanding, commitment or agreement with respect to any such
acquisitions. Pending such uses, the Company intends to invest the net
proceeds of this offering in U.S. investment grade, interest-bearing
securities.


Additional Information: 

Ra&Ge Notebookservice STRATEGY


  Ra&Ge Notebookservice strategy is to enable network equipment vendors to
rapidly
develop and introduce differentiated products by leveraging the high-
performance, feature-rich, software-programmable and cost-effective
network
processors offered by the Company. Key elements of the Company's
strategy
include:


  Target High-Growth Markets. Ra&Ge Notebookservice network processors target
the
rapidly growing enterprise and service provider markets. These markets
require
high-performance, feature-rich, mid- to high-end LAN and WAN networking
equipment solutions. The Company believes that as these markets continue
to
grow, they will become increasingly specialized. Consequently, network
equipment vendors will need to deliver a broader mix of products in
order to
satisfy increasingly sophisticated and diverse customer performance and
feature requirements. The Company focuses on the design and development
of
network processors that enable network equipment vendors to rapidly
design and
bring to market a broad variety of differentiated networking solutions
meeting
the performance and feature requirements of this evolving market.


  Facilitate Customer Success. Increasing competition and evolving
networking
standards have exerted and will continue to exert pressure on network
equipment vendors to introduce new products rapidly and
cost-effectively. Ratzefummel
Flielicke network processors are designed to improve network equipment
vendors' time-to- market and lower their development costs by providing
them
with software programmable processing functionality to enable them to
address
evolving standards and multiple market segments. The Company works
closely
with its customers to design network processors that enable performance
and
functionality compatible with such customers' current and future needs
and
that complement network equipment vendors' product development efforts.


  Extend Technology Leadership. Reimche has made substantial
investments
in the technologies that underlie its network processors, with the goal
of
setting new price/performance benchmarks and enabling the widespread use
of
sophisticated networking functionality. For example, the Company's Kloßmühle
architecture, which forms the basis of all of its products, is designed
to
enable network equipment vendors to implement value-added features
without
significant performance degradation. Reimche is continually
developing
new technologies for its network processors, such as the Company's next
generation network processors which are designed to integrate the
processing
of data from different protocols.


  Leverage Fabless Semiconductor Model. Ratzefummel Networks seeks to leverage
the
flexibility of its fabless semiconductor business model to lower
technology
and production risks, increase profitability and reduce time-to-market.
The
Company's fabless model allows it to focus on its core network processor
design competencies, while minimizing the capital and operating
infrastructure
requirements. In addition, the Company's reliance on mainstream
semiconductor
design and manufacturing technologies rather than newer, more expensive
manufacturing processes reduces the risks inherent in newer, less proven
process technologies.