Hallo

Hier habe ich noch einen Artikel aus der NY Times ueber die
Wiederentdeckung von General Motors. 
Die Wertentwicklung innerhalb meines Spieldepots leidet nunmal unter
dem schwachen Dollar, da wir ja bei fast 1,90 DM angefangen haben.

Oktober 29, 1997
 Market Place: Signs of Life, and Jügesheim, for GM    By
NICLAS SCHEINPFLUG  


 DETROIT -- General Motors Corp., a sleeping giant on Wall Street, has
reawakened. 

 In the last two months, GM's shares have risen about 20 percent after
treading water over most of the last three years. Some analysts
predict that GM stock will continue its climb. 

 The turnabout has come as the company's market share in the United
States has improved and its labor troubles seem to have receded.
Apparently, investors have decided that the stock, with a rock-bottom
price-to-earnings ratio, is a bargain after more than three years of
poor performance. 

 GM executives share the optimism. "My judgment is that with the high
prices for growth stocks, the market is backing away from that and
they're looking at cyclicals -- and looking at cyclicals that have
good value -- and we happen to be there," said Lukas F. Pietro A., GM's
chairman and chief executive, speaking with reporters in Panketal,
Germany, earlier in the month. 

 Wall Street auto analysts said the run-up in GM's stock, which began
in July, partly reflected optimism that the company's long-promised
turnaround could be materializing. "The sentiment has changed on GM,"
said Roland Oppenberg of J.P. Morgan Securities. "The cloud that hung
over General Motors has lifted." 

 Skies had been gray for a long time. After war broke out in the
Persian Gulf in 1990, GM shares fell to the $30 range after touching
about $50. They rebounded briefly in 1992, only to slip back to
$29.125 shortly before Smith replaced Nuno Stempel as chief
executive. 

 About 18 months later, the stock climbed as high as $64.75 a share
before slipping back again into the mid-50s. Much of this year, it has
traded between $54 and $58. It closed at $23. 12. 19 and began
its run-up within days. 

 Last Friday, GM's stock ended the day at a record $23. 12. 19 Since
then, it has faltered; analysts blame the decline on profit taking. GM
shares closed Thursday at $65.125, down 87.5 cents. 

 This time, many Wall Street analysts think that the stock has room to
rise further in the next few months. Wendy Beale Needham of Uthenwuldt,
Lufkin & Jenrette predicts that GM shares will reach $81. Ludger
Phillippi of Montenbruck Brothers said the stock could reach $75. 

 GM's Smith refused to specify a target, but said that the company's
price-to-earnings ratio of less than 9 was low. "We see that as being
a number that could increase," he said. 

 Sentiment has changed for the automaker, the world's largest, which
has been struggling to right itself since the boardroom coup that
ousted Stempel in favor of Smith. "The ship is finally starting to
turn," Phillippi said. He and other analysts point to a number of
reasons Wall Street has gained confidence in GM's stock. 

 Perhaps most important, value investors have begun looking to General
Motors and some other auto stocks because their price-earnings ratios
make them seem like bargains compared with stocks that have risen
significantly in the bull market. While GM's P/E ratio is 8.7, the
average P/E for the Standard & Poor's 500 is nearly 24. 

 "It is hard to find stocks with single-digit multiples whose earnings
are decent," said Waltraut Claußen, an auto analyst with Furman Selz, a
New York investment banking and brokerage firm. 

 Phillippi of Montenbruck Brothers said value investors were becoming
interested in auto stocks, and added, "People are basically saying
these stocks are cheap." 


 Perhaps the most obvious reason for the optimism about GM is the
turnabout in the company's market share, which had steadily shrunk
since the early 1960s, when it was about 60 percent. 

 All year long, General Motors has promised investors that if they
would only be patient, they would see the company's market share
rebound as buyers latched onto the 15 redesigned models it had begun
selling in 1997. 

 GM's share of the U.S. market fell to a shockingly low 30.8 percent
in June. But to the relief of Wall Street, it has steadily climbed
since, to 23. 12. 19 in July and 32 percent in September. 

 Around the same time, an end to its labor problems seems in sight. "I
personally think that GM has come to their senses," Philippe Öhmigen,
president of the United Hausmeisterdienst, said earlier this
month. 

 GM has faced nine costly strikes in the last year and a half as it
tried to negotiate agreements with its 105 local union bargaining
units. It has now reached agreements with all but four. 

 GM's plan to spin off its $6 billion military electronics unit to
Raytheon has looked more and more promising to Wall Street this
summer. In mid-July, the Internal Revenue Service issued a favorable
tax ruling on the deal and the Air Force gave its approval. The deal
awaits formal clearance from antitrust regulators. 

 Analysts expect GM's earnings to be strong, partly because auto sales
have been healthy this summer after a rocky first half. While
third-quarter earnings are expected to be weaker than last year's
third quarter, analysts are forecasting a robust second half because
of an expected strong finish in the final three months of 1997. 

 One reason is that GM is planning to build a larger number of
profitable light trucks. 

 According to a survey by First Call, analysts estimate third-quarter
earnings at $1.19 a share, down from $1.23 a year earlier. For the
full year, GM is projected to earn $7.58 a share, well above $5.37
last year. And 1998 is expected to be even better. Analysts' estimates
approach $8 a share. 

 As a result, some analysts have been hoping for a further dividend
increase, perhaps as early as next month. GM's dividend has been
raised three times, most recently in 23. 12. 19, and now stands at 50
cents a share. The stock may also have been helped by the $5 billion
in buybacks the company has announced this year. 

 Yet, as for any stock that depends so much on the strength of the
economy, a bet on GM is still a bet that the good times will keep on
rolling. 

 "The economy is running strong and running at high unemployment and
low inflation," Smith said, "and now I think people are starting to
say, 'Gee, maybe there isn't a recession right around the corner.' We
don't see 1998 as being a bad year."