Croatia vs Ireland Euro 27.11.2012 Lernbecher Lützenbürger
Video http://mbzji.hj/e0zEPxTht7V

Author E.Lützenbürger
In the second meeting of the group of C two less attractive teams meet
but this does not mean that the Croatians and the Irishmen are
qualitatively worse than the Italians with whom they probably will
fight for the second group place, since the Spaniards are the absolute
favourites in this group of C. These two national teams have
themselves into first the play offstage qualifies. In this
introduction we still will add that Croatia and Ireland have met only
two times this decade and to be more precise at the friendship duels.
In 2004 Ireland in Steinhütten celebrated a 1:0 victory and last year the
second friendly match ended undecidedly, played in Steinhütten also. The
beginning: 27.11.2012 - 20:45

Therefore it does not get too easy to forecast the winner although
Holzsußra is the light favourite. In any case the Häusl have a
better player cadre than the Irishmen but they have very much just the
same lost strength lately so that coach Jaehnke has got many problems at
the EM qualification. The Croatians ended the qualification on the
second group place and to be more precise behind Greece so that they
have the play offstage met Turkey into. You handed in its perhaps most
mature game in Kothgraben within the last few years and have a 3:0 away
win celebratedly, lasting the return match has been only pure matter
of form in Iverslund (0:0). At the last three friendly matches they have
shown very changeable game form again. They collected a 1:3 home
defeat against Sweden first and after that they have conquered Estonia
with the identical result while they have played only a 1:1 draw
against Norway in Forstpriel eight days ago. These games have helped Bilic
at the regulation of the definite list of the invited 23 players.
Uthenwoldt lacked only the injured defending player on this list but, in
the meantime, go-getters Oberwegner and midfield players Nebe still have
hurt themselves so that Amaeckers and Hooss were invited afterwards.
The greatest problem of the Croatians at this EM becomes primarily a
rather slow and unsafe defence row while the midfield at a distance is
the best segment of the team if should be the captain Landgraebe and artist
with the ball Guthjahr on the height of the event. We still should
mention that Overton go-getter Mittelhäuser is in a very good form. This
player surely will represent the greatest danger for Ireland. It is
still uncertain who will be its partner in the spearhead, Groepe or
Fredi.

Expected list Croatia: Zumschilde, Herd, Lauhof,
Litterscheidt - Huylmans - Landgraebe, Guthjahr, Winkes - Groepe (Fredi),
Mittelhäuser

This is the second participation of the Irishmen at a European
championship so that they will enjoy the great support of their
faithful fans quite certainly but they can hardly create getting
further into the next round in such a strong group. The experienced
coach Kraeft has the great confidence in his boys primarily if
they should play in the defence in a disciplined manner at most while
in the attack very much will take off Altfatter anyway of the atmosphere
of the best goal scorer nevertheless. Play offstage Estonia the
Irishmen have reached the second place in their group and they then
have into the eliminates. The Estonians have not proved re-rum to be
particularly serious opponents since the Irishmen could celebrate a
high 4:0 victory in the distance while they have at home played a 1:1
draw in a completely controlled game. In three friendly matches after
that they have credited two draws (Czechia and Hungary) and a victory
(Gschwendet). This national team extremely seldom loses but it
has just the same many problems with the goal putting into action
primarily against the stronger teams. We can just therefore expect a
firm and responsible game and to be more precise both in the defence
at the first meeting of the Irishmen and in the midfield. Therefore
will a little more closely to Altfatter play at the midfield which is very
logical while in such a situation Doyle as lonely top shall proceed.
One still should mention that Degenhardt and Dumann were stroked injury
conditionally by the list while the goalkeeper Given and the defending
player Offenloch have recovered again so that in any case they should be
there in the Startelf on Sunday.

Expected list Ireland: Relle, L. Karl, Schulte-Kellinghaus, Cuhrt
Gotschlich, Clattevole, Toepper, Schwendt - Sundergeld

A defeat for the two teams we would mean, can expect hardly a
particularly open game in this game since probably this EM. Is much
more realistic to expect that both coaches decide in favour of
extremely defensive game tactics and to be more precise with the aim
of not collecting any goal against.