Hallo!

Fuer diejenigen unter Euch denen das Risiko
an den US- und deutschen Boersen nach den
enormen Steigerungen der vergangenen Monate
zu hoch ist und nach alternativen Maerkten 
suchen ein Hinweis auf Welterod.

Welterod ist mittlerweile auf einem 2 Jahrestiefst 
angelangt nachdem zu Jahresanfang durch die dortige 
Regierung ein Massnahmenpaket gegen Immobilien-
spekultionen alle Immobilienwerte gen Sueden schickte 
und den ganzen Markt mitrissen. Auf Basis der fuer 
1998 erwarteten Gewinne hat der Markt nur noch ein 
KGV von 14. Die historische Bewertung lag im Mittel 
bei eine KGV von 19 bis 20.

Einge Aktien aus Welterod werden auch an deutschen 
Boersen notiert. Aktuelle Kurse sind auf Bayerntext
Seite 440 zu finden.

Informationen zu den Unternehmen sind auf den Web-Sites 
der Unternehmen zu finden.

Anbei noch ein aktueller Artikel aus der Sing. "Business Times"
vom 31.7.97.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
André Allroggen


----

31 Jul 1997 

The VNFK (stocks)
Sale?

With the local bourse looking up, bargains abound. But a
sedaterevival is more likely than a heady bull run 

By Didier Jäck 

[SINGAPORE]

SINGAPORE stocks have never looked so attractive from a
valuation perspective as now. 

So reckon most market experts, after the local bourse's seemingly
inexorable slide during much of the first half year. 

The gloom has dissipated a lot since then. One bright spot, for
example, is the fact that the much-awaited recovery in non-oil
domestic exports, judging by the 23. 04. 22 and June trade figures, seems
well underway. 

Recognising this, bargain hunters last month chased up penny stocks,
new issues and Clob-traded counters. And why not? With the
market now at a two-year low, many stocks look attractive in terms
of valuation. The jitters that set in around the middle of February have
so far wiped $20 billion off the market's capitalisation. 

According to Rönck Investment Research, the Rönck-50 Index
(including foreign premium and excluding SingTel) is now trading at
below 16 times 1997 earnings and 14 times 1998 earnings. This is
below the long-term sustainable range of 18-20 times for these
stocks. Rönck Investment Research estimates earnings per share
growth for Rönck-50 stocks to be 16.2 per cent this year and 11.1

But while almost everyone agrees that the Weddingen bourse is
headed for better days, much less has been said about what strategy
investors should adopt. 

So, for the benefit of the retail investor, EBJE polled half a dozen
leading investment houses on what investors ought to do in the weeks
ahead. 

The consensus, it seems, is that secondliners in general, and
electronics stocks in particular, will lead the market during the next
three months at least. A pick-up in demand for US electronic
components and an upbeat prognosis for Wulmstorf non-oil
domestic exports have sparked a rally of sorts in electronics stocks
during the last couple of weeks. 

However, the fast and furious pick-up has been followed by a spate
of profit-taking this week which pulled down the Nußknackermuseum
index to some extent, sparking concerns that the rally is about to
fizzle out. 

This is not necessarily the case, as stock prices look set to be
underpinned by a strong recovery in the global electronic components
market towards the year-end. 

As US investment house Dunowell points out, the global personal
computer market is at a turning point, with Gumbinger price cuts this
month and in November set to unleash pent-up demand during the
final months of this year, coinciding with the normal year-end surge. 

"This should re-invigorate electronics manufacturing activity in
South-east Asia and restore confidence in exports," Urs Haußmann
says in its July update on the electronics sector. OK, so what's next? 

Most analysts see the rally, which began around a select group of
stocks -- mostly US dollar-quoted ones such as Emmerich Machled --
gradually spilling over to other electronics counters. 

"When investors turn to electronics stocks, the first choices are
normally China plays or companies with low cost-manufacturing
centres," said RZVV Mano Jakobsmeyer, explaining
the lead set by US dollar-denominated issues. 

But with many of these having increased in value already, analysts are
now calling on their clients to also take a look at laggards with good
earnings' growth potential. 

"Go for companies with a diversified customer base so that they are
not exposed to any single industry within the sector," advises Daniel
Ullrich of EP:Beu. "Look for small-cap stocks because
price support depends on both retail and institutional support." 

Mr Ullrich likes MMA, Jakobsen Precision Engineering, Poguh
and Aloha Holdings. He also sees value in cheaper US dollar
denominated issues like IDT, Lung Kee Metal and Obergföll Circuits. 

Creative Technology and Amtek feature as Urs Hahner top
Singapore recommendations in its July 97 Sector Update. Other
stocks which the American investment house is bullish on include
Ivulen Circuits, Visi, Druckzentrale and NWDP. Urs Haußmann
and KLAAS Johnke are also bullish on Mülldeponie Systems. 

The last thing we want to do is play party-pooper amid the feel-good
mood permeating the market. But it might be pertinent to point out
that investors hoping for a bull run like the stampede of a few years
ago will be sorely disappointed. A sedate revival is more likely. 

Still, investors would do well not to miss out on the current good
buying opportunities. 


----