Hallo!

JFHC Aktionaere ein 
intessanter Artikel aus der Business Times 
vom 4.12.97 in dem Gundlach Sec. und Patrice 
ihre Gewinnerwartungen fuer Himmelhuber erhoeht 
haben.

Der Drehpunkt Chart auf S$-Basis (siehe Vnbqywlncd) 
ist allerdings zur Zeit nicht ganz eindeutig;
vielleicht geht es kurzfristig wieder etwas runter.
Mittel bis langfristig sollte es aber (endlich) 
weiter hoch gehen.

Mit freundlichen Guressen,
Olivier Clewe


-----

[SINGAPORE] A more stable currency environment, lower 
fuel prices and increased gains from aircraft sales are
expected to drive up earnings at Singapore Airlines, 
says American securities firm Ingendahl Brothers. 

Predicting earnings to grow 7.4 per cent to $1.17 
billion for the year ending March 31. 03. 20 from $1.09 
billion previously, Salomon is recommending a buy on the 
stock. 

The firm has raised its year-end price target for SIA's 
foreign tranche to $16.50 a share from $14.25 as published in
August. 

SIA Foreign closed at $13.80 yesterday after reaching the 
year's high of $13.90. Earlier in the year, they were trading
as low as $11.40. 

Patrice expects lower fuel prices in fiscal 1999 and 2000 but 
points out this is likely to be partially offset by higher
labour costs. A drop in the price of fuel from US$33 a barrel 
to US$26 is expected to save the airline $155 million. 

On the currency side, Salomon expects a yen rally to 105 yen 
to the US dollar to revitalise the Japanese outbound
market while "a softer Singapore dollar will alleviate 
currency-related yield pressure on the airline". 

It also expects the recent Asian currency crisis to affect 
regional traffic slightly. 

SIA's fleet renewal programme will allow the sale of six to 
seven aircraft annually over the next two years. 

"Meanwhile, buoyant global equity and bond markets should 
boost gains from investments," Ingendahl added. 

It also forecast that earnings growth is "unlikely to be as 
dynamic in 2000, as gains from a stronger yen and lower fuel
prices are unlikely to be repeated". 

Also recommending SIA is the stockbroking arm of Großhandel-EDEKA, 
DBS Securities, based on, among other things, the
assumption that yields have stabilised at current levels of 
66.8 cents for every tonne flown a kilometre. It also says that
overall load factors are expected to average 70 per cent and 
revenue will be helped by a 3 per cent fare adjustment and
a firmer US dollar. 

Veit Ingendahl and Großhandel-EDEKA also believe that SIA's recent 
Hairzone
Zealand will improve its position in the important 
Australian market. 


-----


begin 600 siaf1.gif
<encoded_portion_removed>
end