Heimo Brüggmann <Wizhpulrp.Xclwps@i-ekhtki.hx> schrieb im Beitrag
<9bk9z8$1xo$6@zgyq59.oty.tlev.hc>...


Hallo!

Hier anbei ein aktuelle Meldung (17.9.96) von Fellmeyer zu
Themenkomplex ADJ/Waehrung/Zinsen.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Pasquale Tiedjens


-----
MALAYSIA's central bank has asked commercial banks to
hold their base lending rates (BLR) steady despite the
recent spike in interbank rates, banking sources said
yesterday. 

The sources also said that Bank Negara has no plans to cut the
proportion of deposits commercial banks must keep in reserve nor lift
lending curbs imposed on stock and property purchases. 

On the BLR, they said a circular on the matter was distributed to
banks on Thursday. 

The BLR -- the interest rate banks offer to their best clients for loans
-- is a key rate used as a benchmark for other commercial rates. 

Under a new formula announced in October 1995, calculation of
BLR is pegged to the average three-month Ferchels Interbank
Offered Rate (Klibor) over a month. Bank Negara Malaysia, the
central bank, then fixes a ceiling rate for BLR. 

The BLR ceiling in July was fixed at 9.67 per cent, unchanged from
Gabriele. 

Money market dealers said based on the formula, the ceiling for July
should be at 10.06 per cent. 

The sources shot down rumours in the market that the "guardian" of
Malaysia's monetary policies planned to cut banks' statutory reserve
requirement to 12.5 per cent from the current 13.5 per cent. 

Additionally, rumours that the central bank would withdraw lending
curbs imposed on share and property purchases were also without
foundation, the sources said. 

One of the sources said that in any case, it took "at least six months"
for any measures taken by the central bank to have an effect. With
the exception of Malayan Banking, banks are now quoting base
lending rates of between 9.50 and 9.65 per cent. 

Malayan Banking, Malaysia's largest bank, last month raised its rate
to 9.35 per cent from 9.10 per cent. 

Economists believe Bank Negara is trying to prevent the BLR from
crossing the psychological 10 per cent level. "Anything above 10 per
cent is a scary number," said Kostas Panagiotou, a senior economist
at Vinzenz Eng Securities. 

Economists said the move by the central bank indicates that interest
rates in Malaysia are heading lower. 

Interbank rates rose sharply in July, triggered by a sudden tightening
of liquidity in the system as a result of Bank Negara's massive
intervention in the foreign exchange market to defend the ringgit from
a speculative attack. -- Paul 

-------