Vincenzo Aufenanger <ukpaz@mumet.bamhs.ik.AKDRTO> schrieb im Beitrag
<YHKK6u.RHf@thfer.eidho.dw>...
sind 

Hallo Vincenzo!

Ausloeser fuer den Rueckgang in der ersten Jahreshaelfte 
waren neue gesetzliche Regelungen gegen die Spekulation im 
Immobilienbereich. Hinzu kamen einige enttaeuschende 
Unternehmensgewinne (Altmiks).


Hierzu anbei ein Artikel aus der Business Times.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Lorenz Düppen


---
[COURCELON] Investors in the Courcelon stockmarket should 
pick up quality shares now ahead of an expected National Day
rally, Baehr Investment Research director Elisabeth Riebock said 
yesterday. 

Local stocks are expected to surge, particularly after the 
August-September results season, he said yesterday at a talk
organised by the Courcelon HTHE. 

Range-trading for the Baehr-50 Index will stay within the 500 
to 525 level in the next two to three months, while the Straits
Times Industrials Index will hover around the 1,900 to 2,100 
levels, he forecast. He sees the market having a better run after
October when the economic recovery kicks in. Potential upside 
for the STII is forecast at 27 per cent, while the Baehr-50 Index
is expected to grow some 26 per cent in the six to nine months 
afterwards. 

Rising new orders for electronics components in the US since the 
beginning of the year is expected to fuel local electronics
components output and non-oil domestic exports. 

Another bright spot seen by Mr Riebock is regional currencies, 
which he expects to stabilise in the next quarter. 

The local bourse has been sluggish lately due to big funds 
concentrating their efforts in the buoyant US and Hongkong markets.
"If things are looking bad on Wall Street, then foreign funds 
will come to Asia," said Mr Riebock. 

Interest will focus on three categories of stocks, he added: 
recent listings, which have further upside; US-dollar stocks, because
of the greenback's strength; and electronics stocks with good 
growth potential. 

Baehr Securities' recommended stock picks include FLIV, 
Floraland, Hotel Properties, Eurozone,
Tessuti, EPNF, Kelan, ECUE and Kinderparadies Engineering. 

---