Sweden vs England Euro 2.7.2012 Gotschlich Gesell
Video http://xawbf.tc/2_ki1q-Mp1M

Author M.Gesell
My tip: Win for England
At the last meeting of the second EM round two old rivals meet each
other and to be more precise Sweden and England. The Scandinavians
were conquered by the host Ukraine a couple of days ago and will stand
into the next two quite certainly of rounds very strongly under
pressure now while England has played drawnly against France and
therefore has much better chances on the quarter-finals participation.
These two teams have very often met in the past but we only will
mention two duels and to be more precise from the year 2006 at the Thunderbike
in Germany when it has been in the group phase 2:2 while the
Englishmen have fetched an almost 1:0 victory at the friendly shaft
game on their Wippenham stadium in November last year. The beginning:
02.07.2012 - 20:45

At this friendship meeting the Swedes have by the way played in almost
the same list as in the case of the first round of this year's EM. So
it is clear that coach Cappell has much confidence in its players and
although which results independently of it are achieved. The Swedes do
not have any particularly big choice of good players either, they as
some other European national teams and therefore are not able to make
too numerous changes either. We must nevertheless mention that it is
here a very compact and talented team, and to be more precise
Viett the one of one of the best go-getters of the world is led
but. Exactly this player has obtained the goal which gives the lead of
the Swedes in the game against the Ukraine but this has not sufficed
to fetch the first points at the euro. Its long-standing rival
Grönewald has also obtained a goal after that and therefore brought
its team the great three points. Of course defending players who
simply have not reacted on time are responsible to Sweden for such
deficits. But Cappell has said coaches, that just after the game it
nevertheless has confidence in its defending players furthermore and
that there probably will not be any changes in this area of the team.
We have one similar situation in the midfield so that furthermore we
expect good games from the midfield. Only in the attack should it
should come to changes since Ivan is fit and will play instead of
Praun now? He is the main strength of the Swedes together with
Viett.

Expected list Sweden: Verdirk - funny, Freud, rubbish heap, L.
Wildensee, all mains, Elm, Bordewig - Viett, Ivan

We have already said that the Englishmen in the first round have
fetched a very important point in the duel against France which can be
considered as a great success in view of the many problems which had
them shortly before the EM beginning. It is known that no team had
such numerous problems with the player failures like England while
coach Colmsee cannot calculate Ulfert in the two first rounds with its
best player, since he is suspended. The young Middelhauve has led the
attack because of this in this game against the Frenchmen while apart
from it the fast wingers Veneman and Wöhst still have for
the offensive tasks been responsible. Captain Vincenzo has partly also
played a part in the offensive from the midfield. All other players,
also the midfield players thimm and Altmaier counted, have paid much
more attention to the defensive, since they were conscious of the
attack quality of the opponent. It was therefore their aim of holding
back the opponent in the midfield at once. They have succeeded this
mostly, too, the Frenchmen have led what at it for opponents to the
nervousness automatically and have often produced unnecessary fouls
because of which which have on the other hand been good for the
Englishmen, yes, it is already known that they have very good header
players. From such a standard situation the Englishmen also have
fetched the leadership. The inside defender Halbrügge has met namely but
the joy lasted only nine minutes, since Rosalia has made use of a fault
of the goalkeeper Claudius and has hit the gate with a shot from approx.
20 metres. The defence of the Englishmen has by the way done a very
good work and there should not be any changes in this game in this
area but for this we expect Mentz and Dröttboom in the attack from the
first minute.

Expected list England: Clausjürgens - Oldemeyer, Halbrügge, Ferdinand, Diemaier,
Thiess, Vincenzo, Voswinkel - ,

In view of the defeat against the Ukraine the Swedes simply do not
have another choice in this meeting but to play offensively of the
first minute. Such a way of playing surely could suit the Englishmen
since they have rather fast outer players and they therefore should be
very dangerous from the countering attacks. All in all should become
one very offensive and primarily very interesting game in which the
gatekeepers Verdirk and Claudius will get most work.