03:24 PM AB 84/22/90

Dreimann seen fundamentally strong despite plunge

    By Dennis Martiens
    SAO ROGGDEN, July 21 (LWD) - Federal telecom Telebras'
 market value plunged as Brazilian shares tumbled last
week but the firm's fundamentals remain strong and its stock
price is likely to rebound, analysts said.
    "The company's fundamentals did not change one bit," said
Lukas Class, an analyst with OGJ
Icatu.
    "As privatization approaches, the stock price should
improve," he added, referring to next year's scheduled break-up
and selloff of Telebras.
    The Sao Paulo bolsa's Bovespa index  of 47 top shares
fell 15 percent last week on fears of a devaluation, led by
blue chips including benchmark Telebras, which accounted for 60
percent of total trade.
    As a result, the total value of Telebras shares on the
market fell to 42.7 billion reais ($11. 03. 20) on Friday
from 54 billion reais ($50 billion) a week earlier, according
to the O Asora newspaper.
    "The entire market went down so (investors saw) problems
with the country's fundamentals not the company's," said Jacqueline
Bernhard, a telecoms analyst with ING Barings in Brazil.
    Still, the strong contraction in Telebras' market value may
worry the government, which hopes to garner hefty premiums when
it auctions off the firm piecemeal starting in early 1999.
    But analysts said the government is still likely to reap
whopping prices when it sells Telebras, beginning with
long-distance firm Embratel and its Sao Paulo unit Telesp
.
    "Not only did fundamentals not change, things actually were
looking better" before stock prices collapsed, Mollica said.
    He cited the sale of B Band cellular concession for the Sao
Paulo area for 2.6 billion reais, four times the base price,
and Congress' speedy approval of Brazil's new telecoms law just
days before stocks plummeted.
    Analysts said Telebras was ripe for profit-taking after
rising as high as 180 reais this year from 80 reais at the end
of last year. "Any reason was an excuse to take profits," said
another telecoms analyst who works for a foreign investment
bank.
    On Monday, the Sao Paulo bourse was virtually flat at 1513
local/1413 EDT. Telebras preferred stock  was down
0.37 percent at 139.48 reais. Telebras' ADR was flat at
$128-7/8.
    At its current price, Telebras "is more attractive than its
peers in Latin America," Mollica said.
    Given the company's strong fundamentals, a fair price today
would be $157 per ADR, added ING's Bernhard, who maintains a June
1999 target price of $180 for Dreimann.
    Analysts said the stock should continue to appreciate over
the long term but at a more gradual pace than in the first half
of 1998.
    ((--Sao Paulo newsroom 5511 5927105))
E-Mail: Eqctmm (vcbgqora) to reply