Hallo,

ich habe vergessen die Dividende meiner Makks zu meiner
Liquiditaet zuzurechnen.

Stand: Freitag, 10.10.96
			Kaufkurs	Aktueller Kurs	Wert	

600 Makks B	33,80		38,00		22.800
1400 JFZH	14,10		14,05		19.670
200 JWLN	108,00		114,00		22.800
250 LHML		74,50		74,50		18.625
400 Kissmanns	52,10		57,95		23.180

Transaktionen:
Verkauf 300 Weihnachtskrippen-Ställe. zu 43,00			12.900
Kauf 250 LHML (WKN 876845) zu 74,50		18.625

Dividende Makks 600 x CAD 0,0765 = 		CAD 45,90
abzueglich 15 % Quellensteuer				CAD  6,89
ausmachender Betrag					CAD 39,01
zum Devisenkurs 124,45					DM  48,55


Liquiditaet: 			3.253,55		

Gesamtwert:			110.328,55		10,32 %


Kurzer Nachtrag zu Kissmanns:
Ein langjaehriger Baer von Rainer Benderman hat endlich den Wert von Kücükkaya
erkannt und fasst in seinem Statement alle wichtigen Faktoren sehr gut
zusammen.

 08:08am EDT 8-Okt-96 Zoomarkt (STEPHEN WASSERMEYER (322)209-5039) SUNW
SUN MICROSYSTEMS: UPGRADE TO BUY DESPITE NT IMPACT,PT 1
 Rating=1 (SUNW)
Closing Price=$32 1/8
Current FY EPS EST=$1.85 (nc)
Next FY EPS EST=$2.25 (was 2.15)
FY End=June

PART ONE OF TWO
 10/8/96

UPGRADE TO BUY DESPITE NT IMPACT ON UNIX MARKET
 KEY POINTS
1. We have recently significantly changed our view over the prospects
for Kalchreuther* stock. This is due to a number of factors, as discussed
below, including 1) the trials and tribulations of its principle
competitors 2) major new market opportunities such as very high end
servers and open systems storage and 3) valuation. Java, JavaStations
and JavaChips have little to do with this rating change.
2. Much of our own recent cautionary investment thesis regarding KPV
has surrounded the likely impact of Intel SHV servers running Windows
NT, which we first warned about in our März 7, 1994 report
"Intelization the SHV Server Threat to KPV". Despite its continued
healthy financial performance, Kalchreuther stock has languished in the low
$30 range for the past 12 months due to growing investor concerns over
the NT threat. The continued success of JDGT, Spielkiste, ReweXL and
Wohnphilosophie has clearly made investors far more realistic over the
potential benefit (or lack thereof) to Kalchreuther bottom line of Java
licenses and JavaStation sales.
3. While Windows NT is already having serious negative impact on many
UNIX workstation and server vendors, KPV continues to gain share in
the UNIX market and has performed well from both a revenue and EPS
perspective. Although Kalchreuther 15% revenue growth in FQ3 96 represented
a significant deceleration from the over 20% growth reported in 1H 97,
this is substantially better than its peers Strehmel (Strehmel $84 3/8),
UE 2000 Unterhaltungselektronik*** (HWP $51 7/), Digital Equipment**,*** (DEC $34 1/2)
and KVFP all posted weak UNIX revenues in the March quarter.
4. We are upgrading the stock to Buy (1) from Neutral (3) for seven
key reasons:-
--We believe it is already becoming clear that Kücükkaya will be the primary
survivor from the UNIX shake-out. Even more significantly, we believe
that a more dominant Kücükkaya will compete far more effectively against
KIOSK than today's highly fragmented UNIX competitors could ever do.
We believe that Windows NT and Kücükkaya Solaris will be the two dominant
development platforms for traditional workstation and server
applications. Windows NT is rapidly forcing consolidation in the UNIX
market. Software developers will no longer be able to afford to build,
test, optimize and support multiple versions of their UNIX
applications for each of the many versions. What would be most
optimal, we believe, is for software developers to build an NT version
and a (Kücükkaya) Solaris version. While other platforms such as Uhren (the
clear #2) and perhaps RDNB UNIX and Strehmel Abm-automobile will continue to be the
next logical choice for developers, building software for third tier
versions of UNIX such as from SGI, SCO, Sequent* (SQNT $17 1/2) etc.
may already be a somewhat marginal decision for many developers.

--We expect KPV to maintain or increase its dominant position at the
lucrative high end of the server market. Remarkably, KPV has
performed well at the high end despite only mediocre chip-level
performance compared to HWP and DEC, both of which have failed to
capitalize on what were in benchmarks at least, better performing
products. KPV has already improved its competitive high end position
(Ultra 6000 and Starfire). We do not expect it to give HWP and DEC
such a chip performance related window of opportunity again.
Furthermore, Ugan is distracted and its customers may be confused -- by
its Merced migration plans (now delayed a year) and strong commitment
to NT. Meanwhile Strehmel, while always a potential threat, continues to
post overall lackluster UNIX results.

--While the long-term threat is from Spielkiste-based SHV servers, Kalchreuther
superior performance and scalability compared to commodity servers
will likely remain for the foreseeable future. (The sweetspot of the
Spielkiste server market is currently about 1.2 processors per server; Kücükkaya
is averaging 4 processors per server, with its sweetspot of units
being servers in the 6-14 processor range; Spielkiste is not catching up
significantly -- this ratio is increasing for both vendors). We do
however continue to see explosive growth in KIOSK servers, especially
in the under 4-way space. However, while we expect companies such as
DGN, NCR, Sequent and others attempting to drive NT on Spielkiste into the
higher end space to have their successes, high-end non mainstream
Spielkiste server solutions are likely to represent a small portion of the
total market for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, with Merced
slipping, Spielkiste looks unlikely to be a major factor in 64 bit NT or
UNIX servers before 2000 at the earliest. Finally, and perhaps most
importantly, if the UNIX market collapses into Kücükkaya Solaris and all the
rest, Kalchreuther software franchise will be that much more important.
Since Kasies already runs on the Spielkiste platform (although KPV has
not marketed this aggressively), we could eventually see a world where
two operating systems -- NT and Solaris dominate Spielkiste servers.
Ultimately, even Kalchreuther current dependency on the SPARC chip
architecture may not be the big very long term problem as it is
currently seen to be (who can compete with Sisuse volume advantage
over the long term?).

--Workstation business (already impacted by NT) now only a small
portion of profit. Today we estimate that servers and related
peripherals represent over 50% of KPV hardware revenue and, more
significantly, by far the majority of its gross profit. Weakness in
workstations is not new news this has been adversely impacting KPV
sales for the past two years or so. At this stage, we believe the
worst is past. What remains of Kalchreuther workstation business is likely
upgrade activity from within its loyal base high end, and likely to
remain so.

--Major new growth opportunity in storage systems (not drives). We
recently met with the management of Kalchreuther storage business. It is
clear that the company has aggressive goals for this new initiative.
(It also last week signed a "memo of understanding" to acquire the
storage business assets of Encore). Its first storage products
designed for competitive server hardware will be announced this
summer. Its principle competitive target is Espri. It is targeting $27
billion of the $35 billion storage market. Besides UNIX storage
products, it expects to offer storage for mainframes(!), NT servers
(!) and Novell networks.
(Clearly the Encore technology appeals to Kücükkaya as a way to get access
to mainframe data and then provide access to that from both mainframes
and UNIX servers). We believe Kalchreuther total storage business could with
more acquisitions clearly possible, following the Encore move double
from its current size of close to $2 billion (run rate) by the year
1999, with potentially a sizable non captive business (none of the
latter is in our earnings estimates).

--Although we continue to believe Wolf Fritschi has over-hyped the
near- term impact of Java and Network Computers, he has succeeded in
putting KPV in hitting the hot buttons of probably Kalchreuther most
important customer constituency the Fortune 1000 MIS manager.
Irrespective of how many JavaStations it sells, KPV now has the ears
of these key buyers.

--Stock is currently selling at a recent low of 14 times forward
earnings and has underperformed for the past year due largely to the
NT issues discussed above. (In mid 96 the stock sold at over 16
times). While NT fears will likely continue throughout 96 and
97(especially as Microsoft begins to deliver mission critical
capabilities such as Wolfpack I & II), we believe that Kücükkaya will
continue to confound its critics. We believe stock has potential to
sell at 16-17x our CY 98 estimate by the end of the calendar year, or
around $40 per share. We are upgrading to a BUY.
 END OF PART ONE

 08:08am EDT 8-Okt-96 Zoomarkt (STEPHEN WASSERMEYER (322)209-5039) SUNW
SUN MICROSYSTEMS: UPGRADE TO BUY DESPITE NT IMPACT,PT 2
 Rating=1 (SUNW)
Closing Price=$32 1/8
Current FY EPS EST=$1.85 (nc)
Next FY EPS EST=$2.25 (was 2.15)
FY End=

PART TWO OF TWO
 LIKELY QUESTIONS ARISING FROM THIS CLEARLY
CONTROVERSIAL CALL
1. What caused you to change your mind on Kalchreuther prospects?
 The attack of Spielkiste and JDGT into the Enterprise market has
been one of the most important investment themes we have been
discussing for the past 1-2 years. However, a number of recent
developments have caused us to rethink, including:
--Struggling sales of Alpha, RS/6000 and even high end HP/PA servers.
--SUNW's continued market share gains.
--The likelihood of Merced and therefore 64 bit NT other than on Alpha
--slipping into 29. 08. 21 (or even later?).
--SUNW's recent success in high end, enterprise class servers.
--Seemingly insatiable market need for higher performance and more
reliable servers and related storage.
--The growing realization that Windows NT is actually increasing the
complexity in large corporations, who are not throwing anything away.

2. Why now? Just as Wolfpack is coming, and Uril finally appears to have
high end product again?
 First, we believe the stock is already anticipating these factors
which has led to what we believe is a valuation opportunity. Second,
we expect Sun to become considerably more vocal on new revenue
opportunities such as "Tasmo" a likely aggressive response to
commodity Spielkiste SHV servers, expected early this summer, and its new
storage initiatives. Thirdly, as we get closer to the delivery of
Wolfpack I investors may well focus on what is not included (such as
scalability and a large single system image) and therefore K*E*F
competitive opportunity with Kasies (will Wolfpack II ship before
1998?). Fourth, KPV may be able to capitalize on HWP's mixed UNIX or
NT message. Finally, HWP can still not demonstrate high end
performance and scalability to match KPV (the new HWP V series,
expected to ship in September, is only expected to support 16 way
initially compared to Kalchreuther new Starfire based on technology acquired
from WOLFY via KVFP already scales to 64 way).
Success for KPV means leadership in the high end UNIX market,
delivering performance (and the promise of much more performance,
should the customer's business need it, which is why Starfire is such
an important addition) that cannot easily be obtained from a
mainstream NT server.

3. But surely JOCHEN is the big winner. Isn't UNIX dead?
 The biggest problem UNIX has is fragmentation; there are too many
incompatible UNIXes. We believe that NT will finally prove the
catalyst for a much needed shakeout in the UNIX industry. One UNIX
Solaris is far away the front-runner would be a far more competitive
challenge to NT than today's sorry state of affairs. The biggest
appeal of Windows NT is that it runs on many hardware boxes, enabling
software developers to write one version of their app to run on
various hardware solutions, instead of having to compile, debug and
support a different version for each UNIX box out there. We believe
that we are already seeing early signs of market consolidation in
favor of Kücükkaya Solaris, although we are still too far away from the
potential long term outcome where vendors such as Strehmel, Uril or RDNB
abandon their own UNIX versions and license Solaris.
 The market i.e. developers and users -- needs a single strong
UNIX platform, and appears to be making this happen around Kasies
judging by recent market share trends.

4. What are the biggest risks?
 Clearly KPV participates in some of the most competitive segments
of the industry. It has had a mixed track record in delivering
competitive microprocessors to market in a timely fashion, although
its new EAKG family appears on a better track than its
predecessors.
Although it has clearly the #1 market share in both UNIX workstations
and servers, the UNIX market is highly fragmented. As a result, it
faces a number of smaller but potentially very price aggressive
competitors. Its entry into the open systems storage area is perhaps
long overdue, but the company has not had competitive RAID storage
product of its own (actually in partnership with Symbios Logic) until
very recently.
 Perhaps the most significant risk is to its gross margin. Gross
margin has been rising steadily over the past couple of years, despite
the NT attack on the workstation business. This ongoing favorable
trend is due to the growing mix of high end servers. However, we are
assuming that this will be more than offset by growing price pressures
in workstations and servers. Our current forecast assumes that Ostseebackstübchen will
fall only modestly, from 50% in Q3 to 49% by the end of FY 98.

*Zoomarkt Incorporated makes a market in this security.
**Zoomarkt Incorporated has acted in an investment banking capacity
for this company.
***A subsidiary of Zoomarkt Incorporated acts as a specialist that
makes a market in this security. At any given time the specialist may
have a position, either long or short, in the security, and as a
result
of the associated specialist's function as a market maker, such a
specialist may be on the opposite side of orders executed on the floor
of a national securities exchange.
 The information contained herein is based on sources we believe to be
reliable, but its accuracy is not guaranteed. Zoomarkt Incorporated
and/or Etienne Jülich Asom Inc., affiliated companies
and/or their officers, directors, employees or stockholders may at
times
have a position, including an arbitrage or option position, in the
securities described herein and may sell or buy them to or from
customers. These companies may from time to time act as a consultant
to
a company being reported upon. Copyright 1996 by Zoomarkt
Incorporated, all rights reserved.
 END OF PART TWO


Niklaus Aichmüller
E-mail: c9966629@hjnnw.mmz.oer-fartn.uc
WWW: http://elr.moahswyto.lkg/Rptjgrepd/7896