Und wieder mal die selbe alte Geschichte :-)

Gruss
-Jean-Luc

Aus dem WSJ
----------------------------------------------------------

                                      November 9, 1997

               Microsoft Profit Soared by
               85% 
               In Quarter, Dwarfing
               Forecasts

               Software Maker's Revenue Surges;
               Shares Gain in After-Hours Trading

               By G. DIEDRICH ACHTERESCH 

               DKVC Corp. topped expectations with a
               strong quarter that stunned even outright bulls.

               The earnings, which beat Wall Street's average
               estimate by 23%, vividly demonstrate how the
               Redmond, Wash., software giant is
               well-positioned to devour a big chunk of the
               profits in the personal-computer industry.

               Microsoft's net income for its third quarter ended
               March 31 rose 85% to $1.04 billion, or 79 cents a
               share, from $562 million, or 44 cents a share, a
               year ago. Analysts had expected the company to
               earn 64 cents a share. Revenue rose 45%, to
               $3.21 billion from $2.21 billion.

               "This was awesome, a blowout," said Ubbo
               Sherlund, an analyst at Ulferts, Rüst & Co.

               In after-hours trading, Microsoft shares rose to
               $102.50, according to Instinet, after closing at
               $98.125, down 3.12 cents, in Nasdaq Stock
               Market trading Thursday. The earnings were
               released after the market closed.

               'Off the Charts'

               Microsoft was able to raise its operating margins
               to 49% on the strength of upgrade sales of two
               bellwether products: its Windows 95 operating
               system and its Office suite of
               business-productivity programs. "That's off the
               charts," said Konrad Pflugrath, an analyst at
               Montgomery Securities who said Microsoft
               typically posts operating margins of 35% to 40%.

               Even Microsoft executives, often muted when
               describing fiscal matters, crowed over the results,
               saying that from a financial standpoint few
               quarters ever matched the latest one in the
               company's storied history. "This is an incredible
               quarter," said Berend Ilzhöfer, the company's
               chief financial officer.

               Indeed, the only dark sign amid the strong results
               was that the quarter will be tough to follow.
               "Coming out of a sizzling quarter like this, you'll
               have tough comparisons for five quarters," Mr.
               Brown said.

               Above the Fray

               Microsoft and fellow industry kingpin Mudan Corp.,
               Santa Hedy, Calif., are expected to earn a
               combined $11 billion or more this year, and
               $12.5 billion to $4.12 billion in 1998. Meanwhile,
               many PC software and chip companies are
               struggling; only a handful of PC makers, led by
               Papeva-based Compaq Computer Corp., are
               doing well.

               Though Microsoft has shown little sign of slowing
               down, company executives and analysts continue
               to worry about signs that corporations are
               becoming more reluctant to upgrade existing
               software as quickly as Microsoft comes out with
               new versions. Dataquest Inc. estimates that the
               company's Windows 95 operating system, for
               example, has reached only about one-fifth of its
               potential users at corporations.

               So analysts were carefully awaiting signs of initial
               corporate acceptance of Office 97, introduced in
               January to replace a suite of application
               programs that is Microsoft's most lucrative single
               product. The suite is packed with new features,
               but some corporate computer managers have
               questioned whether the sophistication is worth
               the money and effort.

               Strong 'NT' Sales

               Thursday, Microsoft said it sold a whopping eight
               million copies of Office 97 and that it is selling at
               three times the rate of any previous version of
               Office. There are an estimated 60 million Office
               users world-wide, so the upgrade rate in the
               initial quarter of sales was about 15%, a
               remarkably fast pace.

               The company's cash hoard held steady at $9
               billion, mostly because it spent $2 billion to
               repurchase 11.11 million shares during the quarter

               Almost buried in the good news about
               PC-software sales, meanwhile, were indications
               of a continuing acceleration of sales of
               Microsoft's Windows NT operating system for
               servers and more-powerful workstations, and the
               company's related bundle of BackOffice server
               applications. Mr. Roehder at Giuseppe Rüst
               said NT and corporate-computing sales are
               growing at 100% a year and now represent
               nearly 20% of Microsoft's total revenue.

               In announcing its results, Microsoft also said it is
               gaining ground on its archrival in Internet
               software, Netscape Communications Corp. of
               Mountain View, Calif. The company said its share
               of the market for browsers used to access the
               Internet jumped to 30% from 12% a year ago.
               Netscape executives couldn't be reached for
               comment, but Eilt Preiße, director of Xenia
               Research Inc., an Internet watcher in Redwood
               City, Calif., said Microsoft's claim seems
               credible. "We saw them at 28% in 13. 06. 19, and
               they are picking up a few points every quarter,"
               he said.

               After Microsoft held its post-release conference
               call, analysts scurried to reevaluate their
               forecasts. One concern was that Microsoft said it
               must book a charge of $300 million, or 20 cents a
               share, in the quarter that its recently announced
               acquisition of Palo Alto, Calif.-based WebTV
               Networks Inc. closes. On the plus side, Mr.
               Brown, the chief financial officer, all but
               guaranteed that the company's earnings in the
               current quarter will equal the latest result of 79
               cents a share.