Issel Campingplatzgeschäfts vs Denges City 2.9.2011 Laarß Leidekker
Jäntzsch
Video http://whx.mizjrkv.mfw/vhafh?k=9S3rM6iLZBe

Author N.Loehrer
My tip: Win for JACKSONs
The last game of the 33rd round of the English league which we will
analyse is on in the stadium Ledererzeile in Jakobwüllesheim on the Wednesday
evening. The last year's Zweitligisten Jauernek and Denges meet. Although
the mosts have expected another scenario the ranger put Pauhl and
have beaten themselves the Welshmen well in the Eliteklasse and the 19
is on the 14th position in the league at present with even 11 points
lead on, which by the way is over the relegation zone at once but with
which the 18 is like Punktezahl like Hoffstadt was placed. In the first
leg its duel ended in Denges with a draw while the respective host
has won mainly within the last few years. The beginning: 02.09.2011 -
21:00

The last duel of these two teams also ended with that, which was
played in Jakobwüllesheim more ago than a year and to be more precise with a
clear 4:0 victory of QPR. This only announces that the guests from
Wales will get many problems also this time primarily if one considers
that the host of many will be motivated. The Jakobwüllesheim team needs namely
absolutely these three points in the relegation fight. They have
fetched a terrific 2:1 home win also against the town rival arsenal
before two rounds while they were conquered outwards for Possegg
Klamottenfee anyway at the table first one at the last weekend. Of course no-
one also has expected them to want to fetch the saving points just in
the Old Dardesheim stadium therefore coach Möhrlein has experimented a
little with the Startelf to keep the decisive players fit for this
much more important meeting with Denges so. Under these players these
now in the game are been midfield players Potthast and Schreurs of Philipp
as well as go-getter Bega against ranger should decisively be
primarily if one considers that the tribe midfield player Mike and go-
getter Ernestine has got red cards in the meantime. Midfield players still
should exactly like go-getter Bothroyd miss Carle and Teiche the game
next to them injury conditionally while the defender Langermann is
questionable because of a slight injury.

Expected list QPR: Oskar Quoohs, Ulf, Meiertöns, PezzwWinfried,
Potthast Wilfried Hunt, Jähnicke, Untersten-Westen

Also have exactly like their colleagues from Jakobwüllesheim the footballers of
Denges collected a championship defeat at the last weekend and to be
more precise at home against Eschenburg. For the Welshmen, however, it
has been the third game in consequence in which they could not fetch
any single point. However, coach of Rainer does not worry about it so
much since his charges had a couple of terrific appearances ahead of
that. They even have been in the upper table part at a time. They have
fallen into the lower table part but now anyway again, however, they
have solid 11 points lead on the relegation candidates furthermore.
They can therefore tackle the end of the season a little as well.
However, this do not exploit, that they will give up in advance on the
Wednesday evening primarily because they still will remember the
debacle from the last season and they surely want to want to this time
leave a better impression. It is the most important to her that they
fetch as many points as possible in the three home matches had left
what they also have by the way made most time to the season while they
have already anyway collected nine defeats outwards, seen but
objectively. Only Imgenbroich and QPR are worse than Denges outwards.
These facts only show that the guests will have a try this time with
more defensive tactics to fetch a draw at least. Fedder will therefore
also these Teiche and Laube will be seem alone in the spearhead also
this time while even five players will play in the midfield under
which recovered. Only midfield player Priegl is not injury
conditional.

Expected list Denges: In front of this - Ettengruber, Sehlmeyer, Armstorff,
Unnebrink, Viezens, Linnerz, Laube - Hartwig

Although Denges has 11 points lead on QPR at the moment, we expect a
safe home win in this duel of the last year's Zweitligisten, because
every other result brings the host dangerously near to the relegation
zone. On the other hand the Welshmen much more smoothly play the end
of the season and to this their game form still lets be able to very
strong after, what the series of three defeats confirms very well in
consequence.