Roulette Research by
www.Ayribvsyjeddm.shy


 WHAT ARE ROULETTE COMPUTERS?

Roulette Computer and Wireless Transmitter
	Roulette computers are electronic devices designed to beat roulette.
Using a range of sensors, they measure the speed and deceleration of
the wheel and ball to predict where the ball is most likely to land. If
the computer has been designed correctly, it enables predictions that
are clearly accurate enough to overcome the house edge. You may have
read one of many news articles about users of such electronic devices
that have been caught after winning vast sums of money. The highest
profile story of roulette computer use was of the Fipers-Bikes Mobile
Phone group who earned =A31.3M (US$2.3M) within days. Eventually they
were caught because they failed to apply the technology discretely.

My standard model Roulette Computer & one of the many wireless
transmitters


At the time the FönX group won their =A31.3M, use of this technology was
still legal in the UK, so they were allowed to keep their winnings.
However, use in the UK (and many other jurisdictions) is now illegal.
This does not mean roulette computers are not still legal in many other
jurisdictions. A roulette computer user may very well discover
application is legal in a particular jurisdiction, and play to legally
profit millions just as the FönX group did. However, specifically with
my computers, although they are designed to circumvent a casino's
detection technology, they are not intended to be used as covert
cheating device - they are for educational and evaluation purposes
only, i.e. to educate you on exactly how roulette is beaten with covert
equipment. Under no circumstances may my roulette computers be used for
any unlawful purpose, and purchasers must sign an agreement to this
effect before receiving my roulette computer. Should a purchaser, from
their own investigations, determine application in a particular
casino/jurisdiction is perfectly legal for monetary gain, such
application is done so entirely at the purchaser's risk.

Creating an effective roulette computer is not merely a matter of
creating software with simplistic algorithms and installing them into
any old hardware - it is far more complicated. Many have tried and
failed to develop effective computers. Before purchasing any such
device, you should personally visit the vendor for a demonstration to
verify their particular device is effective on modern level and
unbiased wheels (rather than just take the vendor's word). This is
because it is easy to create a roulette computer that is effective on
unlevel (tilted/biased) wheels, but creating an effective computer for
modern level (unbiased) wheels is very different. Most computers only
beat biased roulette wheels, or wheels where the ball hits one
particular diamond (metal deflector) an inordinate number of times -
this is called a "tilted" wheel and you are extremely unlikely to ever
find one in a modern casino. Beware of dishonest individuals who make
false claims about the effectiveness of their devices - you can usually
determine which computers are legitimately effective because the
supplier will provide clearly unedited video proof BEFORE you buy, as I
have. Always demand clearly unedited roulette computer video proof
before buying and don't accept excuses for lack of proof. As always,
use your common sense.


ABOUT ME (STEFANO HOURMOUZIS):

Most common wheel in the world - used for testing of Hermann Nimmesgern
Roulette ComputersMy name is Hermann Nimmesgern. I have been developing
gambling systems and roulette computers for well over 10 years.

Shown left is the main wheel I use for testing and development of my
roulette computers and systems - it is a modern level Oliver Neugebauer wheel
which is among the most difficult wheels to beat. Although my computers
have been tested on many other modern "level" wheels, this roulette
wheel is used primarily  because it is the world's most common roulette
wheel design. You can verify my wheel is level and free from any bias
by watching my videos. Because the ball does not have any common drop
point, you can also be sure the obvious effectiveness of my computers
(and systems) is not due to any kind of "tilt", dealer signature or
trick.

With relation to gambling, my primary interest is with beating
roulette. I operate the web site at www.Ayribvsyjeddm.shy which details
a method of beating roulette without electronic devices, and is
therefore legal to apply in casinos of all jurisdictions. The
particular roulette system detailed at www.Ayribvsyjeddm.shy frequently
achieves exact number hit rates of 1 in 21 as is clearly demonstrated
in the 1 hour downloadable video (on a LEVEL wheel) - this hit rates is
even better than some roulette computers. However before anything, I am
an energy researcher with interests in various technologies, including
but not limited to hydrogen/water powered vehicles. More about me and
my work is detailed at www.vqloixktdjugq.syz/kjuaror.zyy (Hermann
Nimmesgern).


HOW ROULETTE COMPUTERS WORK:

Roulette computers can incorporate a variety of features and procedures
to produce the predictions. Typically they can only be applied at
casinos that permit bets for even just a short period after the wheel
is spun. Once the wheel is spun, the roulette computer is then used to
measure the deceleration of the wheel and ball. The computer then makes
its calculations and typically transmits the predicted number(s) to a
wireless earpiece embedded in the operator's ear canal. However, use of
an earpiece is now very easy for casinos to detect, so vibration
devices are used to relay where to bet instead. The user then has a
short period in which to place his/her bets. The accuracy of the
predictions primarily depend on the computer's design and algorithms,
but also largely the design of the roulette wheel - most wheels are
very easily beaten, while others are not. The primary wheel I develop
my electronic devices and systems on is shown above. It is a modern
Oliver Neugebauer wheel that is clear from any bias which can be verified in
person.

Importantly, even with a well designed and effective roulette computer,
casinos are attuned to the classic signs that expose users. So even if
a computer makes accurate predictions, unless it utilizes covert
features that prevent detection, the computer will be useless. For
example, most roulette computers will give a prediction in the form of
one or two numbers for you to bet on. Imagine constantly betting one or
two numbers and appearing a little too lucky. Keep in mind the casino
surveillance staff have excellent cameras and can zoom in to watch a
player's every move. Casinos are not stupid and know what to look for.
Below is a list of classic signs of roulette computer use:

    * The player is using an induction loop - this is a loop cable that
transmits a very easily detected emission to the wireless earpiece.
Irrespective of the size and visibility of the earpiece, all earpieces
require induction loops and are now very easily detected.
    * The player has a foreign object in his/her hand, whether it be
pen transmitters, car keys or other such object
    * The player constantly places inside bets after the wheel is spun
    * The player constantly has one hand in his/her pocket (to operate
the data input cable)
    * The player is constantly betting specific numbers and their
neighbors

If a player shows these typical signs, they are likely to be caught and
banned. And if application was in a jurisdiction where it's illegal,
the player will likely face criminal charges. Again, although my
computer utilizes features that enable a player to avoid exhibiting ALL
of these classic signs, it is intended for evaluation purposes only -
to educate you on how roulette computers are covertly applied. It is
not a cheating device.

Click HERE for Roulette Computer Frequently Asked Questions

See Details of Roulette Computer Components


See Footage of the Hermann Nimmesgern Roulette Computer Being Applied
on a Common Wheel - THE PROOF:

First Video Demonstration:

Click the below link(s) to download a video demonstration of my
roulette computer. Predictions are shown on the screen of the computer
so you know they are authentic rather than just voiceovers that are
added later as known frauds have done. Personal demonstrations of my
roulette computer can be arranged, although this video clearly
demonstrates its effectiveness. It is done over almost 100 spins
(approximately 40 minutes). Despite the computer not being tuned (raw
predictions only), an exact number hit rate of 1 in 23 is exhibited
although many times, the ball also falls just one pocket short of an
exact hit. However, exact number hits are irrelevant unless the
roulette computer ALSO accurately predicts which half of the wheel the
ball will land. For a roulette computer to overcome the house edge and
win consistently, it needs to correctly predict the half of the wheel
little more than 50% of the time. In this video, the wheel half is
correctly predicted on almost 70% of the spins - this is the real proof
of effectiveness and it doesn't take thousands of spins to see it. The
wheel is levelled so the ball's diamond hits have acceptable spread
rather than constant hits on the same diamond virtually every spin.
Furthermore, in this video, the roulette computer's risk analysis
feature is almost completely disabled to enable "raw" predictions. This
risk analysis feature tells the roulette computer to reject predictions
that are likely to be inaccurate due to human error in timings. When
the roulette computer considers a prediction to be inaccurate (within
parameters you set), no prediction is given - the tighter the
parameters you set, the less predictions are given, but the more
accurate these predictions are. In other words, the video displays only
a fraction of the accuracy the roulette computer is capable of.

Demo 1 - Download High Quality Video (WMV Format - 147MB)

Demo 1 - Download Compressed Version (WMV Format - 31.1MB)

You can also contact me to order this roulette computer video demo on
DVD for better quality footage.

NOTE: You can clearly see my wheel is free of bias. Furthermore, the
ball does not have a common drop point (as it would on a tilted wheel),
therefore dealer signature is certainly not being used to generate
predictions. The wheel has not been tampered with, I do not use any
tricks, and I do not use "voodoo" - my computer is the real thing.
-18: X
-17: XXX
-16: XX
-15:
-14:
-13: XX
-12: XX
-11: X
-10: X
-9: X
-8: XX
-7: XXX
-6: X
-5:
-4: X
-3: XXX
-2: XX
-1: XXXXX
0: XXXX
1: XXXXX
2: XXXXX
3: XXXXXX
4: XXX
5: XXXXXXX
6: XXX
7: XXXXX
8: XXXX
9: XXXX
10: X
11: XX
12: XX
13: XXX
14: XXX
15:
16: XX
17: XXX
18: X 	Roulette Computer Demo Scatter Analysis:

The scatter analysis is displayed left. It shows how far the ball
landed from the exact pocket without tuning, with zero (0) below
representing exact number hits. The number of X's represent number of
occurrences.

You can clearly see a defined peak even after approximately 100 spins.
You can also see the roulette computer wasn't even tuned (to rotate the
actual predictions to meet the peak), yet it still easily overcome the
house edge. These results were achieved using just 4 clicks, and
intentionally virtually no error control to demonstrate the
effectiveness of the roulette computer with it's most elementary
settings - this is why I called them "raw" predictions in the video.
With all features enabled, exact number hit rates of 1 in 15 or better
can easily be consistently achieved on common level wheels.

With the roulette computer tuned (instead of raw predictions) the exact
number hit rate in this video is approximately 1 in 13. This means that
if you bet on just ONE number, you would win every 13 or so spins.

With the most difficult-to-beat wheels (scalloped wheels), this is
approximately the scatter pattern you will see on these wheels with all
roulette computer features enabled. Normally a roulette computer that
requires manual input by the user would not be able to cope on such
wheels. However, my roulette computer's algorithms are extremely
complex and therefore allow successful play on any wheel design. Also
as I stated in the roulette computer video demo, I do not release full
details of my roulette computer and it's features unless you visit me
in person. This includes everything from cables and switches to
wireless transmitters.


Second Video Demonstration:

This second roulette computer video demo has a lava lamp and moving
vertical blinds just behind the wheel (approximately 100 spins again).
You see the start and the end of the demonstration so you know the
spins are not merely just the most accurate predictions over thousands
of spins. Even if the video showed a small segment of a much larger
test, the defined peak in the centre of the scatter pattern is
virtually impossible to replicate if the predictions were random or
ineffective. In other words, the defined peak in the scatter pattern is
the real proof, not exact number hits.

The continuous movement of the lava lamp and blinds confirm the footage
is continuous and unedited. In this video, again deliberately almost no
error control is used, and the predictions are completely raw without
any tuning. Furthermore predictions are given 7 or more seconds before
the ball falls despite only 4 clicks being used. Predictions would have
been far more accurate with more clicks to establish wheel and ball
timings (this helps eliminate human error), however I wanted to show
the computer is still accurate even with just 4 clicks.

Demo 2 - Download Compressed Version (WMV Format - 63.4MB)

Demo 2 - Download High Quality Version (WMV Format - 125MB)

You can also contact me to order this roulette computer video demo on
DVD for better quality footage.

NOTE: You can clearly see my wheel is free of bias. Furthermore, the
ball does not have a common drop point (as it would on a tilted wheel),
therefore dealer signature is certainly not being used to generate
predictions. The wheel has not been tampered with, I do not use any
tricks, and I do not use "voodoo" - my computer is the real thing.
-6 XXXXX
-5 XXX
-4 XX
-3 XXXXX
-2 XXX
-1 XXX
0 X
1 XXXXXX
2 XXX
3 X
4 XXX
5 XXXXX
6 X
7 XX
8 XXXXX
9 XXXX
10 X
11 XXXX
12 XX
13 XXXXXXXXX
14 XXXX
15 XXXXXXXX
16 XX
17 XX
18 XXX
-18 XX
-17 XXX
-16 X
-15 XX
-14 XX
-13 XX
-12
-11 X
-10
-9 XXXX
-8 XXX
-7  	Scatter Analysis:

The scatter analysis is displayed left. It shows how far the ball
landed from the exact pocket without tuning (raw predictions), with
zero (0) below representing exact number hits. The number of X's
represent number of occurrences. Again these are from raw predictions
with no tuning, almost no error correction, and only 4 clicks to
establish timings. In other words, the roulette computer's predictions
were certainly not as accurate as they could have been if all my
computer's features were used.

With the roulette computer tuned (instead of raw predictions) the exact
number hit rate in this video is approximately 1 in 12. This is an
enormous edge and only 4 clicks to establish timings were used. This
means that if you bet on just ONE number, you would win every 12 or so
spins.

The wheel used in my demo is a very commonly used wheel which is why I
used it in the videos. On this wheel, from the scatter analysis, you
can clearly see hit rates of 1 in 12 and 1 in 13 respectively.
Scalloped wheels are the most difficult wheels to beat, although I can
consistently achieve hit rates of 1 in 15 on such wheels (depending on
number of clicks used for timings, risk analysis and error control
settings) which can be demonstrated in person.


Roulette Computer Audio Features Demonstration:

The demo available below shows two basic features:

1=2E General roulette computer audio heard during play mode - starting
from "play" and ending with the number input

2=2E The risk analysis feature (when the roulette computer determines
clicks are likely inaccurate OR the wheel/ball is not moving within the
speeds you specify, "risk" is announced and no prediction is given.
This ensures the roulette computer announces only the most accurate
predictions.

IMPORTANT: Wireless earpieces are optional. However, no matter how
invisible an earpiece is, it still needs an induction loop to transmit
the sound, and induction loops are very easily detected by casinos.
Even someone standing next a roulette computer player with another
earpiece could hear what a player hears. The purpose of my computer is
to educate you on "covert" roulette computer application and as such,
with my computer, a vibration feature is used to relay predictions. The
vibration feature can be used in a variety of different ways, each of
which gives distinct and unmistakably clear instructions and
predictions.

Roulette Computer Audio Demo (WMV Format - 2.8MB)


HERMANN HOURMOUZIS ROULETTE COMPUTER FEATURES:

I have developed two different computers - the Super Roulette Computer,
and the Standard Roulette Computer. The standard computer has a number
of different platforms (the latest being a mobile phone) and is
designed for "one-person" operation - this is the computer explained on
this site. The Super Roulette Computer requires a minimum of 3
operators and produces predictions as accurate as they can get, as well
as automating much of the prediction process (image recognition cameras
do all the work). For details regarding the Super Roulette Computer,
see www.moidnxrzsfnsj.hnj/rkbrhubq.cwi or contact me.

Roulette Computer PhotoA photo of the equipment you receive is shown
left. It includes the modified mobile phone, data input cable, wireless
earpiece induction loop, wireless earpiece, and DVDs showing footage of
a roulette wheel for you to practice (2 DVDs not shown).

The data input cable is simply a cable attached to the computer with a
single button at the end. The type of button installed on the data
cable depends on whether you want a finger or toe operated switch. Any
t-coil earpieces are compatible with my roulette computers, although
they are NOT required for actual application.


Roulette Computer EarpieceThe earpiece is shown left is what you
receive (IR50 Plus, NOT the IR50 which is a different model). You
typically only use the earpiece for computer setup which takes 10-15
minutes, after which you can either remove the earpiece and use
vibration mode to relay predictions, or continue to use the earpiece
and be relayed audible predictions. You do NOT need the earpiece at all
for either setup or play mode - the earpiece is entirely optional. The
computer already has a speaker which is ideal for evaluation, so when
you are testing with the instructional DVDs supplied, you don't need to
constantly use an earpiece.

Optional is a video recorder which greatly improves ball and wheel
deceleration data. It is a pocket-size device capable of recording
quality footage of the wheel and ball at 60 frames per second. To
utilize it, you record footage of the wheel and ball being spun. Using
the software I provide, you then determine more precise timings of the
wheel and ball for your sample data. As your sample data is almost
completely free of any human errors, the actual roulette computer
predictions are considerably more accurate - it often can be the
difference between a 1 in 20 and a 1 in 12 exact number hit so is
certainly worthwhile. The process of applying the 60 FPS (frames per
second) video recorder is extremely simple.


FEATURES OF THE STANDARD ROULETTE COMPUTER (SINGLE OPERATOR):

    *

      Almost 5 Times Smaller than other such devices - it is available
as most late model mobile / cellular phone models (more expensive
models may incur additional charge).

    *

      Ability to make accurate predictions with 8-10 ball revolutions
remaining - it can take timings of partial revolutions to greatly speed
up predictions. Furthermore, on wheels where the ball revolution counts
(how many times the ball revolves before it falls) are 15-20 or greater
so, you can also take timings over multiple clicks rather than just the
standard 4 clicks. This enables you to make accurate predictions even
when there are 8-10 ball revolutions remaining. The more clicks you
make to establish the timings, the more accurate predictions are
because human error in timings are reduced. In the video demo I only
use 4 clicks so you can see even just 4 clicks produce accurate
predictions. If I had used more than 4 clicks in the demo, then some
may have claimed my computer might not be effective with just 4 clicks.


    *

      Effective on ALL Wheels Including Level, Unleveled (tilted),
Biased or Unbiased Wheels of a Modern Design - typical hit rates for
modern level and unbiased wheels are 1 in 10-15. This means if you
covered just one number, you will win approximately 1 in 10-15 spins as
opposed to 1 in 37-38 spins. On some wheels hit rates can be as high as
1 in 8 for single number predictions.

    *

      Predictions Relayed Either by Phone Vibration or Wireless
Earpiece - most roulette computers use wireless earpieces to relay the
numbers to bet. However, how small or "invisible" an earpiece is, the
induction loop which transmits to the earpiece is easily detectible.
Use of wireless earpieces for covert application is a contradiction in
terms. NOTE: The vibration feature can be used in several different
ways (set by the user) but it does NOT simply vibrate when the
predicted number passes a reference diamond.

    *

      Can Relay Outside AND Inside Bets/Predictions - Why is this
important? Because casino surveillance staff are ten times more likely
to suspect a player of roulette computer use if they are making inside
bets. Exactly how this is achieved is a trade secret. It is NOT
impossible as some believe. NOTE: Red/Black bets are NOT as simple as
just determining the colour of the single number prediction, and it IS
possible, but not with all wheels.

    *

      IMPORTANT: Advanced Presentation of Predictions That Completely
Avoid Detection - Using visual recognition technology, modern casinos
can automatically know if a player is placing bets in a manner that
indicates they are likely to be using a roulette computer. It is done
automatically with software that tracks placement of chips and the
timing of placement - this is especially the case with colored chips
although it can be done even with standard casino chips. I have seen
inside casino surveillance rooms and know exactly what goes on. I know
full-well what casinos do to find roulette computer users and what
technology is available. Using this knowledge, my roulette computer
teaches you betting algorithms that are used to completely avoid
detection. Such features are available nowhere else.

    *

      Long-Life Rechargeable Batteries - You don't need to constantly
buy and change batteries.

    *

      FREE Software Updates - staying one step ahead of wheel designers
is important. I always ensure my roulette computer is applying up to
date technology to beat any wheel design. You receive all software
updates free of charge (although you must pay shipping fees for the
hardware).

    *

      Risky Bet Alert Notification - if the roulette computer
determines the data about the wheel indicates the prediction may be
inaccurate, the roulette computer lets you know automatically. This
significantly increases the accuracy of bets for more assured profits.

    *

      Emergency Software Wipe Function - see exactly how a roulette
computer user can completely hide the software.

    *

      Can be Used on Any Wheel Design (European or American) - Some
wheels are more profitable than others, although the roulette computer
is effective on all modern designs - even scalloped wheels.

    *

      Robust Copy Protection & Security Features - if you ever lose
your roulette computer, no-one would even be able to load the software
as codes must be used to gain access. Among other security features,
the roulette computer has a microchip installed to prohibit any
unauthorized duplication. The software will not operate correctly
without this microchip. Furthermore when you receive the roulette
computer, if an incorrect security code is entered or the phone detects
unauthorized connection to another phone or computer, the software will
self-delete and be wiped correctly ensuring no unauthorized access.

    *

      Easy and Practical to Use - my roulette computer is extremely
user-friendly and easy to apply. Even if you have any trouble, you can
always call me personally for live support.

    *

      Ability to Immediately Test the Accuracy of Wheel and Ball
Samples - after you have sampled the wheel, you can immediately test
the accuracy of the samples. You do this by setting the roulette
computer to give sharp audible beeps as it predicts either the wheel's
zero or ball will pass the reference diamond. With most other roulette
computers you wont know if predictions are accurate unless you test 60
so spins.

    *

      Ability to Instantly and Automatically Calibrate for Optimal
Accuracy - typically roulette computers require you to take samples of
60+ spins before they are manually "tuned" to optimize profits. In an
actual casino environment, this means a player is either losing money
over these spins, or standing around suspiciously directly watching the
wheel for long periods without betting (not just watching the marquees
as you do with the genuinewinner.com system). My computer calibrates
automatically and immediately - the more spins you play, the more
accurate predictions become. This includes for factors such as air
pressure, humidity, and even sweat from the croupier's fingers.

    *

      Ability to Save Data for MULTIPLE Wheels - Typically roulette
computers will only save data for ONE wheel. This means with any other
computer, if you wanted to play another wheel you would have to
manually delete the data and take new samples for the new wheel. With
my roulette computer you can save data from multiple wheels and
instantly switch between wheels without having to take samples again.
Once you have sampled each wheel, simply set the roulette computer to
use the relevant profile and you can resume play on any wheel at any
time.

    *

      Can Take Timings of Partial Revolutions - for quicker predictions
and slower spinning wheels, you can set the roulette computer to take
only partial revolutions (such as 1/2 or 1/4) of the wheel. This
ensures predictions are made in the least time possible.

    *

      Ability to Manually Enter Data Regarding the Deceleration of a
Wheel or Ball on a Specific Wheel - You can record footage of a wheel
to determine precise deceleration statistics for optimal accuracy
(requires 60 FPS video recorder - optional).

    *

      Enables More Automated Application of the Standard Genuine Winner
Roulette System - typically roulette roulette computers require you to
sample the wheel and ball speed to make predictions, so bets must
therefore be made AFTER the wheel is spun. My computer works the same
way, except a player can use the software's alternate function to make
accurate predictions BEFORE a wheel is spun - this is done by analysing
the wheel's unique repeating patterns which are inherently generated by
the fixed physical properties of a wheel (also see
www.Ayribvsyjeddm.shy)

    *

      Personal Demonstrations Available - Visit me in Unterwachingen
Australia and I'll show you all the proof of effectiveness you need.
Visit www.gfyigrtgkvmij.zbj/ppxr.yzo for details.

    *

      Accounts for Human Error - because you will manually click a
button to take timings of revolutions, they are subject to human error.
However my roulette computer uses algorithms that account for such
errors to ensure accuracy (A version that does the work for you using
cameras and image recognition software is available at
www.moidnxrzsfnsj.hnj/rkbrhubq.cwi)

    *

      Does not use Lasers to Make Predictions - roulette computers that
require lasers to be pointed at wheels are easily detectable. My
roulette computers do not at all rely on lasers.

    *

      Includes DVDs for you to Practice - Learn how to use the computer
in the DVDs you receive. You will see me use the computer and you can
practice on real wheel spins.

    *

      Can Use Speakerphone to Relay Bets - for convenience, you can
have the roulette computer use it's built-in speaker to announce
audible predictions (See roulette computer audio demo).

    *

      Option of having a wireless input - instead of using cables, the
data input can be via encrypted wireless networks (additional charge).
With this technology, you can see how one player takes timings of the
wheel and ball, while the actual betting player (the one that wins big)
doesn't even need to look at the wheel so is less likely to arouse
suspicion. The wireless transmissions use a variety of features to
avoid detection including fast frequency hopping (changing frequencies
often to avoid detection), encryption, support for user authentication
(others can't tune into the transmissions without a digital key), and
radio output power can be varied to ensure the signal strength is no
stronger than it needs to be. Although transmitters hidden in pens etc
can be supplied, they are never actually used by professional roulette
computer players because something foreign in the player's hand will
almost definitely arouse suspicion. Furthermore, pen transmitters
typically require multiple detectible signal bursts to complete a
prediction, whereas my wireless components only require one very
discrete signal burst to make predictions.


HOW THE ROULETTE COMPUTER IS APPLIED:

While there are many options and settings the user can tweak to
increase the accuracy of predictions, below is a shortened and
simplistic explanation of what is required to apply my roulette
computer:

PHASE 1 - TAKING SAMPLES: The computer of course needs to know the
deceleration of a particular wheel and ball (not just the detected
speed for single spins) so before actual play mode, you must take
timings of sample revolutions of the wheel and ball. You can enter the
sample revolution timings manually, or simply click the button to take
timings. Firstly, you sample the wheel deceleration by clicking the
button each time the wheel's zero passes any reference diamond (any
diamond around the circumference of the wheel) - you do this for as
many revolutions as you like. Secondly, on a separate spin, you click
the button every time the ball passes any reference diamond - you also
do this for as many revolutions as you like. Now the computer has sets
of data - the computer then uses complex algorithms to determine the
deceleration curve of the wheel and ball - it is not merely a matter of
a deceleration "rate", so the algorithms must be precise and account
for real-life curves. Importantly, the actual "curve" is different for
every wheel because no two wheels are alike - this is one of the many
things other roulette computers do not account for, therefore
contributing to making predictions from simplistic computer less
accurate. The "ball drop speed" is determined automatically and
relevant data pertaining to the drop are tuned progressively during
play mode - i.e. the more you play, the more accurate predictions
become.

PHASE 2 - TESTING SAMPLE ACCURACY: At this point, the roulette computer
user has the option of automatically moving to the test phase, or going
straight to play mode. If test mode is activated, then the user can
test the computer's model of deceleration of either the wheel or ball.
To conduct the test, the user simply clicks the button 2 or more times
(depending on user settings) to determine the speed of the wheel or
ball. The computer will then give audible beeps or sharp vibration
pulses each time the computer predicts the ball or wheel's zero passes
the reference diamond. This enables the user to determine the accuracy
of the samples. Depending on whether or not the roulette computer user
is satisfied with the accuracy, they can opt to return to phase 1, or
continue to phase 3.

PHASE 3 - PLAY MODE: Once the wheel is spun, to actually make a
prediction, the roulette computer user needs to select one specific
diamond (or other static reference point) around the circumference of
the wheel. The user then clicks the button once when the wheel's zero
passes the reference diamond [first click], and once more when the
wheel's zero passes the reference diamond again [second click]. Now at
any time, the roulette computer user clicks the button again [third
click] when the ball passes the same reference diamond, and again when
the ball passes the reference diamond again [fourth and final click].
The prediction is then instantly relayed to the player who then places
their bets. In this example, only 4 clicks are used. However up to 7
clicks in total may be used for predictions - the more clicks that are
used, the more accurate the predictions are. Once the ball has landed,
after a series of prompts either by vibration or earpiece, the user can
enter into the computer which number the ball landed on (see also
Roulette Computer Audio Demo). If a number is entered, the computer
automatically tunes so that future predictions are more accurate.

NOTE: The above is only a very simplistic explanation of how it works
and does not explain the many features that are used to optimise
accuracy and ease of application. You of course receive full
instructions with illustrations and can contact me at any time for
support.

See Roulette Computer Frequently Asked Questions


SEE A LIVE DEMONSTRATION:

When something is legitimately effective, it can easily be proven. As
such I can provide in-person demonstrations to individuals or media
wanting to verify my roulette computer is as I claim. However there are
security requirements and conditions which are explained in detail at
www.gfyigrtgkvmij.zbj/ppxr.yzo


ROULETTE COMPUTER ONGOING DEVELOPMENT:

Additional to applying my own expertise and experience with beating
roulette, in the course developing my roulette computers, I have
employed the services of 3 mathematicians, 3 programmers and 2 hardware
technicians - developing my roulette computers has cost me a small
fortune. There are several versions of my standard roulette computer -
some are PDAs (pocket computers such as the Palm) and some are
cellular/mobile phones (Citroén phones). The only version I now offer is
the cellular phone version because it is the version with the most
features and greatest accuracy. Although my roulette computers apply
covert technology, they are merely designed as such to educate you on
how roulette computers can be used covertly. To ensure a quality
product, I always keep myself updated on technology casinos employ to
detect roulette computer users, and apply this knowledge to ensure my
roulette computer is using the latest technology to circumvent casino
surveillance technology. With current versions of my roulette computer
alone, if hypothetically a player were to to be strip searched, the
robust roulette computer security features would ensure the only thing
found would be a standard phone that even makes calls. Unfortunately
the ongoing development has meant the price of my computer has
increased, although at least you can be assured you are receiving a
quality product. NOTE: My roulette computer purchasers receive free
software updates for life to ensure the latest technology is being
used. However, hardware upgrades incur additional charge.


PRICING & HOW TO PURCHASE:

The price of the computer (basic package) is US$5,000 and includes:

    *

      1 x actual computer (Citroén phone)
    *

      1 x electronically shielded data input cable & button/switch of
your choice
    *

      2 x DVDs explaining how to use the computer, plus footage for
practice
    *

      1 x instruction manual (includes my full contact details)

The above includes absolutely everything you need to get started.
However, you can obtain the following upgrades/additions:

    *

      Wireless earpiece and induction loop (cost depending on model of
earpiece)
    *

      US$5,000 - Encrypted Wireless Network - includes 1 x Wireless
Data Input Unit. Beware of much cheaper transmitters that are in
reality nothing more than very easily detected signal generators that
send five signal bursts instead of one. My wireless transmitters are
actually miniature computers that connect to the main computer, not
signal generators. Transmitters can be hidden in any object, including
pens. However, for covert (legal) application, pens are possibly the
worst object to hide roulette computer transmitters in simply because
an object in your hand is a classic sign of roulette computer use.
    *

      US$1,950 - 60 FPS Video Recorder & Footage Analysis Software (a
small video camera uses to record wheel footage for more accurate
setup)

NOTE: The wireless transmissions use a variety of covert features to
avoid detection including fast frequency hopping (changing frequencies
often), encryption, support for user authentication (others can't tune
into the transmissions without a digital key), and radio output power
can be varied to ensure the signal strength is no stronger than it
needs to be. I can supply wireless transmitters in pens or any object
but they are NOT recommended simply because they are a foreign object
in your hand, and this is one of the first things a casino looks for to
detect roulette computer users.

To purchase, simply use the contact form above and I'll send you
further instructions. Generally you will receive the computer within
7-14 days by BLE.


200% Money-Back Guarantee:

I don't expect anyone to invest $5,000-$10,000+ without a solid
money-back guarantee. I have no doubts about my roulette computer's
effectiveness, so my guarantee to you is below:

If you cannot win consistently and easily with my computer, visit me
personally (Hermann Nimmesgern). I will assist you and ensure you are
using the computer correctly. You can bring your own wheel or we can
use mine for testing and training. If I cannot assist you to win
consistently on the wheel used, I will refund TWICE the purchase price,
plus you get to keep the computer. OR if you show me in person another
roulette computer you either purchased or developed yourself is more
effective than my computer, I will refund TWICE the purchase price,
plus you may keep my roulette computer.

This offer is absolutely real, and I can offer it with complete
confidence.


PROMOTE MY COMPUTER FOR A COMMISSION:

My roulette computers are in extremely high demand. There are two ways
to promote my computer for a profit split:

1=2E AFFILIATE PROGRAM: If you have a web site, link to my site and you
will receive $1,000 commission for every unit sold. Commissions are
paid in $5,000 increments (5 sales). Self-referred sales are not
permitted - Click HERE to Signup to my affiliate program. YOU CAN
PROMOTE MY COMPUTER UNTIL YOU GENERATE $5,000 IN COMMISSIONS, AND
SIMPLY RECEIVE THE ROULETTE COMPUTER INSTEAD OF THE $5,000.

2=2E RESELL / DISTRIBUTOR LICENSE:  Distributorship licenses can be
provided under the following conditions: Batches of 5 computers are
purchased from me at the price of US$3,000 (total US$15,000), which is
a generous price considering the amount I've spent on development, and
the cost of the hardware including relevant modifications. Each
roulette computer can be resold at any price. If you are reselling at
$5,000, you profit $2,000 for every unit sold. You will be bound
legally by the "roulette computer distributors license", which includes
basic and reasonable terms. Contact me for details and a copy of the
reseller agreement.


Contact Me (STEFANO HOURMOUZIS):

To contact me please submit the form at
www.zdxksubbkjevj.hka/pddhnwm.uah

WARNING:

NEVER purchase a roulette computer without first seeing undeniable
proof of effectiveness BEFORE you buy. Frequently I am contacted by
individuals who have purchased roulette computers based on trust of a
vendor's claims alone, only to find the roulette computer is
simplistic, and nowhere near as effective as what the vendor claimed.
Never take a vendor's word alone as proof. To convince you to buy, some
vendors may claim to offer personal demonstrations, but never expect
you to actually visit. Some claim to have clearly unedited level wheel
demo footage, but refuse to provide it before you submit payment. The
excuses for failing to provide video proof is typically that they wont
release video footage to maintain "secrets". However, as you can see
from my video proof, absolutely no secrets are released from a series
of simple clicks and announcement of a prediction. Use your common
sense. If something as simple as a downloadable video is not provided,
I suggest you be wary. Assuming a vendor provides video proof, to
ensure the footage is authentic and not edited, it should include:

1=2E A lava lamp or some other form of continuous "random" movement to
ensure the footage is clearly uncut and continuous

2=2E The test should be done over a set number of spins - this is why my
second video is exactly 100 spins

3=2E The scatter pattern should be displayed, and a well defined peak
should be visible. Such a peak is virtually impossible to fake

4=2E The roulette computer's actual screen giving the predictions MUST be
shown. Do NOT rely on audio predictions alone. Some vendors are known
to fabricate predictions by just adding the audio later.

If you still purchase a fraudulent computer without the proof I suggest
and despite this warning, in particularly from UK vendor who is known
to blatantly lie and sell an ineffective computer, I suggest you report
them to www.skh.zj.rz or other relevant authorities.

[Click HERE See a comparison of my roulette computer and a competing
computer]


NOTE: As per written confirmation from Australia's gaming authorities,
I am permitted to sell such roulette computers although not to use them
in Australian casinos. Confirmation of this can be provided in writing.
Furthermore, my solicitors have advised me on legal compliance
pertaining to international roulette computer distribution. Legalities
regarding roulette computer use vary between jurisdictions, and
purchasers are required to submit an agreement stating the roulette
computer will only be used for evaluation purposes - more specifically,
not for any unlawful purpose. My roulette computer and related
technology is NOT intended for use as an illegal cheating device - it
is offered solely as an evaluation device to educate you on how such
technology can be used covertly to predict the outcome of roulette. Use
of the technology for any purpose, other than the intended purpose, is
forbidden and against the purchase agreement. Any information and/or
support with relation to covert application of such technology is
strictly for evaluation and educational purposes. By no means will I
will not aid a purchaser to apply the technology for any illegal
purpose.