Biete meinen Roulette Computer - Fabrikat Boneberg -
zum VerKauf an.
Preis: Euro: 120.000.-- mindestens

Details dieses Roulette-Computers können Sie auch auf der Webseite von
fresh
http://kzp.MuvJzklPiji.mo.hh
sehen.

Ich habe den Roulette Computer gekauft und damit in den Casinos von
Holland und Belgien
Riesengewinne erzielt von fast einer halben Million Euro.
Da ich nunmehr nach Südamerika auswandere verkaufe ich das Gerät
komplett
zum Preis von nicht unter Euro 120.000.--.

Für den Interessenten bin ich bereit, mich mit ihm in einem Casino zu
treffen oder
Sie können auch zu mir hierher nach Zerbst/Anhalt kommen und ich teste den
Roulette Computer mit Ihnen
gerne, damit Sie sich überzeugen können, daß der hohe Verkaufspreis
auch gerechtfertigt ist.

Wenn Sie Interesse haben und wir uns zu einem Gespräch in einem Casino
oder
bei mir hier zu hause in Zerbst/Anhalt treffen wollen, dann können Sie mich
auch anrufen oder mir ein Telefax schicken:
an
83735-195405466 (Durchwahl Telefon und Fax)
Mail:
Rqedmyexxxxtycqv@qxg.ny

Im Anschluß füge ich Ihnen den englischen Text der Firma Boneberg
bezüglich
des Roulette Computer bei, wo Sie auch Einzelheiten lesen können.

Mein Preis zum Verkauf: mindestens 120.000.-- Euro.

Ich empfehle mich
Abdul Zoerner


If you cannot win consistently and easily with my roulette computer,
visit me (our name is Franz Heisler and Adrian Voßkämper

from the fresh Corporation of Bärnau,Australia) personally. We

will assist you and ensure you are using the roulette computer
correctly. You can bring your own wheel or we can use mine for testing
and training. If we cannot assist you to win consistently on the wheel
used, we will refund your travel expenses, refund twice the purchase
price, plus you get to keep the roulette computer.

What are Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE ?

Roulette computers can take many forms, but typically they are discrete

hidden computers (such as PDAs/Pocket Computers) usually worn under
your clothes, or computers disguised as a mobile phone. Using a range
of sensors, a roulette computer measures the speed and deceleration of
the wheel and ball to predict where the ball is most likely to land. If

the roulette computer has been designed correctly, they enable
predictions that are clearly accurate enough to overcome the house
edge. This means the user can consistently beat roulette. Is it
realistically possible to earn millions with roulette computers? . . .
absolutely, and it's already being done. Click the above link for a
news article - one particular group earned millions within days using
roulette computers disguised as mobile phones. Eventually they were
caught because they failed to apply the technology discretely. The use
of such roulette computers are illegal in many jurisdictions although
still legal in many. For those willing to travel to jurisdictions where

they are still legal, they present a unique opportunity to earn an
enormous and perfectly legal income. Many still use roulette computers
in jurisdictions where they are not legal, although I do not condone
such unlawful use. The roulette computers available from this web site
are solely either for evaluation purposes, or for use in jurisdictions
where they are legal. Despite roulette computers being a legitimate and

proven effective method for beating roulette, creating an effective
roulette computer is not merely a matter of creating software with
simplistic algorithms and installing them into a small computer - it is

far more complicated. Many have tried and failed to develop effective
roulette computers. Before purchasing any roulette computer, you should

personally visit the vendor for a demonstration to verify the computer
is effective on modern level and unbiased wheels (rather than just take

the vendor's word). This is because it is easy to create a roulette
computer that is effective on unlevel (tilted/biased) wheels, but
creating an effective roulette computer for modern level (unbiased)
wheels is very different. Most roulette computers will only beat biased

wheels, or wheels where the ball hits one particular diamond (metal
deflector) an inordinate number of times - this is called a "tilted"
wheel and you are extremely unlikely to ever find one in a modern
casino. Beware of ineffective roulette computers offered by blatantly
fraudulent individuals who make false claims about the effectiveness of

their roulette computers - you can usually determine which roulette
computers are legitimately effective because the supplier will provide
clearly unedited video proof before you buy, as I have. Always demand
video proof before buying and don't accept excuses for lack of
evidence. As always, use your common sense.

How Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Work:

Roulette computers can incorporate a variety of features and procedures

to produce the predictions. Typically they can only be applied at
casinos that permit bets for even just a short period after the wheel
is spun. Once the wheel is spun, the roulette computer is then used to
measure the deceleration of the wheel and ball. The roulette computer
then makes its calculations and typically transmits the predicted
number(s) to a wireless earpiece embedded in the operator's ear canal.
However, use of earpiece is now very easy for casinos to detect, so
vibration devices must be used to relay where to bet instead. The user
then has a short period in which to place his/her bets. The accuracy of

the predictions primarily depend on the design and algorithms of the
roulette computer, but also largely the design of the wheel - most
wheels are very easily beaten, while others are not. The primary wheel
I develop my roulette computers on is shown above.

download free full-version

Importantly, even with a well designed and effective roulette computer,

casinos are attuned to the classic signs that expose roulette computer
users. And if you are exposed, irrespective of roulette computer use
being legal or not, casinos can ban you which will end your winning
streak. So even if a roulette computer makes accurate predictions,
unless it utilizes covert features that prevent detection, the computer

will be useless. For example, most roulette computers will give a
prediction in the form of one or two numbers for you to bet on. Imagine

constantly betting one or two numbers and appearing a little too lucky.

Keep in mind the casino surveillance staff have excellent cameras and
can zoom in to watch your every move. Casinos are not stupid and know
what to look for. Below is a list of classic signs of roulette computer

use:

* The player is using an induction loop - this is a loop cable that
transmits a very easily detected emission to the wireless earpiece.
Irrespective of the size and visibility of the earpiece, all earpieces
require induction loops and are now very easily detected.
* The player has a foreign object in his/her hand, whether it be pen
transmitters or car keys
* The player constantly places inside bets after the wheel is spun
* The player constantly has one hand in his/her pocket (to operate the
data input cable)
* The player is betting specific numbers and four neighbors

If a player shows these typical signs of roulette computer use, they
are likely to be caught and banned. And if application of roulette
computer was in a jurisdiction where it's illegal, the player will
likely face criminal charges. Although my roulette computer utilizes
features that enable you to avoid exhibiting all of these classic
signs, it is intended for evaluation purposes only, other legal
purposes, but not for any unlawful purpose.

download free full-version

See Footage of the Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Being Applied on a
Common Wheel - THE PROOF:

First Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Video Demonstration:

Click the below link(s) to download a video demonstration of the
roulette computer. Predictions are shown on the screen of the computer
so you know they are authentic rather than just voiceovers that are
added later as known frauds have done. Personal demonstrations of our
roulette computer can be arranged, although this video clearly
demonstrates its effectiveness. It is done over almost 100 spins
(approximately 40 minutes). An exact number hit rate of 1 in 23 is
exhibited although many times, the ball also falls just one pocket
short of an exact hit. However, exact number hits are irrelevant unless

the roulette computer also accurately predicts which half of the wheel
the ball will land. For a roulette computer to overcome the house edge
and win consistently, it needs to correctly predict the half of the
wheel little more than 50% of the time. In this video, the wheel half
is correctly predicted on almost 70% of the spins - this is the real
proof of effectiveness and it doesn't take thousands of spins to see
it. The wheel is levelled so the ball's diamond hits have acceptable
spread rather than constant hits on the same diamond virtually every
spin. Furthermore, in this video, the roulette computer's risk analysis

feature is almost completely disabled to enable raw predictions. This
risk analysis feature tells the roulette computer to reject predictions

that are likely to be inaccurate due to human error in timings. When
the roulette computer considers a prediction to be inaccurate (within
parameters you set), no prediction is given - the tighter the
parameters you set, the less predictions are given, but the more
accurate these predictions are. In other words, the video displays only

a fraction of the accuracy the roulette computer is capable of.

download free full-version

download free full-version

download free full-version

download free full-version

You can also contact me to order this video on DVD for better quality
footage.
-18: X
-17: XXX
-16: XX
-15:
-14:
-13: XX
-12: XX
-11: X
-10: X
-9: X
-8: XX
-7: XXX
-6: X
-5:
-4: X
-3: XXX
-2: XX
-1: XXXXX
0: XXXX
1: XXXXX
2: XXXXX
3: XXXXXX
4: XXX
5: XXXXXXX
6: XXX
7: XXXXX
8: XXXX
9: XXXX
10: X
11: XX
12: XX
13: XXX
14: XXX
15:
16: XX
17: XXX
18: X Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Scatter Analysis:

The scatter analysis is displayed left. It shows how far the ball
landed from the exact pocket without tuning, with zero (0) below
representing exact number hits. The number of X's represent number of
occurrences.

You can clearly see a defined peak even after approximately 100 spins.
You can also see the roulette computer wasn't even tuned (to rotate the

actual predictions to meet the peak), yet it still easily overcome the
house edge. These results were achieved using just 4 clicks, and
intentionally virtually no error control to demonstrate the
effectiveness of the roulette computer with it's most elementary
settings - this is why I called them raw predictions in the video. With

all features enabled, exact number hit rates of 1 in 15 or better can
be consistently achieved on common level wheels.

With the roulette computer tuned (instead of raw predictions) the exact

number hit rate in this video is approximately 1 in 13. This means that

if you bet on just onenumber, you would win every 13 or so spins spins.


With the most difficult-to-beat wheels (scalloped wheels), this is
approximately the scatter pattern you will see on these wheels with all

roulette computer features enabled. Normally a roulette computer that
requires manual input by the user would not be able to cope on such
wheels. However, our roulette computer's algorithms are extremely
complex and therefore allow successful play on any wheel design. Also
as I stated in the video, I do not release full details of our roulette

computer and it's features unless you visit us. This includes
everything from cables and switches to wireless transmitters.


Second Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Video Demonstration:

This second video has a lava lamp and moving vertical blinds just
behind the wheel (approximately 100 spins again). The continuous
movement of the lava lamp and blinds confirm the footage is continuous
and unedited. In this video, again deliberately almost no error control

is used, and the predictions are completely raw without any tuning.
Furthermore predictions are given 7 or more seconds before the ball
falls despite only 4 clicks being used. Predictions would have been far

more accurate with more clicks to establish wheel and ball timings
(this helps eliminate human error), however I wanted to show the
computer is still accurate even with just 4 clicks.

You can also contact me to order this video on DVD for better quality
footage.


-6 XXXXX
-5 XXX
-4 XX
-3 XXXXX
-2 XXX
-1 XXX
0 X
1 XXXXXX
2 XXX
3 X
4 XXX
5 XXXXX
6 X
7 XX
8 XXXXX
9 XXXX
10 X
11 XXXX
12 XX
13 XXXXXXXXX
14 XXXX
15 XXXXXXXX
16 XX
17 XX
18 XXX
-18 XX
-17 XXX
-16 X
-15 XX
-14 XX
-13 XX
-12
-11 X
-10
-9 XXXX
-8 XXX
-7

Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Scatter Analysis:

The scatter analysis is displayed left. It shows how far the ball
landed from the exact pocket without tuning (raw predictions), with
zero (0) below representing exact number hits. The number of X's
represent number of occurrences. Again these are from raw predictions
with no tuning, almost no error correction, and only 4 clicks to
establish timings. In other words, the roulette computer's predictions
were certainly not as accurate as they could have been if all my
computer's features were used.

With the roulette computer tuned (instead of raw predictions) the exact

number hit rate in this video is approximately 1 in 12. This is an
enormous edge and only 4 clicks to establish timings were used. This
means that if you bet on just ONE number, you would win every 12 or so
spins.

This demo was filmed because a competitor spread malicious lies - he
falsely claimed that my original footage was cut and edited, despite it

clearly showing everything from my shadow constantly moving over the
wheel to the wheel itself moving. Before the original video , he
claimed my wheel was tampered with and that I used pins to make the
ball fall where I wanted - a claim he knew was false. The original
video disproved his claim so he simply made a new deliberately false
claim. He has made countless immature attempts to harm me and made
countless blatant lies - a fact that the UK office of fair trading have

been notified of. The competitor publicly stated: "If could provide
footage with a lava lamp in the background, these are totally chaotic
and cannot be faked predicting the right area with a prediction in
around 5.5 seconds maximum of a 100 spins clicking only 4 times, I
would accept he has a workable device." This is exactly what I've
provided, however it is clear that no matter what proof I provide,
because he is determined to harm me and is not interested in the truth,

he will always create new lies. He has even posted on forums under many

false names claiming to have my computer and that it fails. In this
demo, the constant motion of the lava lamp and vertical blinds behind
the wheel are shown. The competitor claims he also has a similar video
on DVD with a lava lamp in view, and also with his roulette computer's
screen actually showing predictions to prove they aren't merely audio
voiceovers. Despite him claiming this footage of his is already
available and that he's sold it to many, he has failed to provide this
footage to everyone that has asked, making various excuses and often
completely ignoring purchase requests. Why this is so should be
obvious. He can certainly make challenges but has failed to provide the

same video proof I've provided. To date, the only footage he has
provided is on a heavily tilted wheel (where the ball almost always
hits the same diamond), and with a heavy ball that has almost no
bounce. Also the footage has many breaks and is not continuous.
Furthermore, the computer's screen giving the predictions is not shown
at all. Despite him having failed to produce footage under the same
conditions in my videos, I'm willing to create another demo under any
new conditions he states If he provides the same proof or makes a
public apology in a press release to me, which is a more than
reasonable request. I don't expect him to agree because We have his
roulette computer and know it is ineffective on level wheels primarily
due to a lack of sophistication. Many others have found the same and
his excuses range from the purchaser simply being incompetent to him
claiming he deliberately sold ineffective versions to people he didn't
trust (yes, you read that right). He has also falsely claimed to have
my roulette computer and that it fails, but he is unable to provide the

simplest information about it, such as what the first screen displayed
is when the computer is loaded. If he actually had an effective
computer, we would happily state this is the case, but it is not. Even
if he had some new version that was actually effective, we would
happily state this is so but he has offered no proof whatsoever - just
empty unsubstantiated claims about his own roulette computer, and
malicious lies about mine. It is difficult to comprehend his mentality
and immaturity is possible from a grown man. I regret having to even
mention such childish, dishonest and malicious individuals, although
the record needed to be set straight. However, effectively his lies
have helped me produce videos that leave no doubt that my roulette
computer is authentic.

The wheel used in ourdemo is a very commonly used wheel which is why we

used it in the videos. On this wheel, from the scatter analysis, you
can clearly see hit rates of 1 in 12 and 1 in 13 respectively.
Scalloped wheels are the most difficult wheels to beat, although we can

consistently achieve hit rates of 1 in 15-20 on such wheels (depending
on number of clicks used for timings, risk analysis and error control
settings) which can be demonstrated in person.


Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Audio Features Demonstration:

Thee demo available below shows two basic features:

1=2E General audio heard during actual play mode - starting from "play"
and ending with the number input

2=2E The risk analysis feature (when the computer determines clicks are
likely inaccurate or the wheel/ball is not moving within the speeds you

specify, risk is announced and no prediction is given. This ensures you

only receive the most accurate predictions.

Important: Wireless earpieces are optional but not recommended. No
matter how invisible an earpiece is, it still needs an induction loop
to transmit the sound, and induction loops are quite easily detected.
Even someone standing next to you with another earpiece could hear what

you hear. In actual play mode, only the vibration feature should be
used. How the vibration feature is used gives the player distinct and
unmistakably clear instructions of where to bet.

download free full-versiondownload free full-version

download free full-versiondownload free full-version

download free full-version

download free full-versiondownload free full-version

download free full-version

download free full-versiondownload free full-version

download free full-version


SelMcKenzie ' s Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Features:

We have developed two different roulette computers - the Super Roulette

Computer, and the Standard Roulette Computer. The standard roulette
computer has a number of different platforms (the latest being a mobile

phone) and is designed for one person operation - this is the computer
explained on this site. The Super Roulette Computer requires a minimum
of 3 operators and produces predictions as accurate as they can get, as

well as automating much of the prediction process (hidden cameras do
all the work). For details regarding the Super Roulette Computer, see
our Website or contact use.

A photo of the equipment you receive is shown this website. It includes

the modified mobile phone, data input cable, wireless earpiece
induction loop, wireless earpiece, and DVDs showing footage of a wheel
for you to practice (4 DVDs not shown).

The data input cable is simply a cable attached to the computer with a
single button at the end. The type of button installed on the data
cable depends on where you want to hide the button - most players
choose to use a toe switch hidden in their shoe.

Smaller earpieces are available which are anatomically matched for a
snug fit (customized shape to fit your ear canal). However the Earpiece

and induction loop are not required for actual application of the
computer (only used for setup) as the vibration feature of the cellular

phone can be used to relay where to bet. This ensures utmost
discretion. How the roulette computer vibration feature is used to
relay where to bet is briefly explained in the list of features below,
although full details are not made public to protect my roulette
computer users.

NOTE: The earpiece is shown left is what you receive. You only use the
earpiece for computer setup which takes 10-15 minutes unless you use a
covert video recorder (recommended). During this period you do not bet.

If you record footage of a wheel instead of set up directly at the
wheel, you can eliminate all human error for optimal accuracy and do
not need an earpiece at all. A video recorder with PAL (german video
standard systems) capabilities and wheel timing analysis software can
be supplied. With the video recorder you do not need any earpiece at
all. Actual bets can be relayed either by earpiece or phone vibration.
Vibration is by the most appropriate method because no matter how small

an earpiece is, wireless earpiece induction loops (the part that
transmits to the earpiece) are very easily detected. Even someone
standing next to you with an earpiece would be able to hear what you
hear. It is strongly advised you do not use any earpiece of any kind
because no matter how small or invisible it is, the induction loop (the

part that transmits to the earpiece) transmits a signal that is
extremely easy to detect.


FEATURES OF THE STANDARD ROULETTE COMPUTER (SINGLE OPERATOR):

*

Almost 5 Times Smaller than Most Roulette Computers - it is available
as most late model of all phone models (more expensive models may incur

additional charge). Mobile phones are used because they're discrete.

*

Ability to make accurate predictions with 8-10 ball revolutions
remaining - the roulette computer can take timings of partial
revolutions to greatly speed up predictions. Furthermore, on wheels
where the ball revolution counts (how many times the coups revolves
before it falls) are 15-20 or greater so, you can also take timings
over multiple clicks rather than just the standard 4 clicks. This
enables you to make accurate predictions even when there are 8-10 Coups

revolutions remaining. Even when using this feature, you can still take

timings of partial revolutions. The more clicks you make to establish
the timings, the more accurate predictions are because human error in
timings are reduced. In the video demo I only use 4 clicks so you can
see even just 4 clicks produce accurate predictions. If I had used more

than 4 clicks in the demo, then some may have claimed my computer might

not be effective with just 4 clicks.

*

Effective on Level, Unleveled (tilted), Biased or Unbiased Wheels of a
Modern Design - in other words it can be applied on real casino wheels
you will encounter. Typical hit rates for modern level and unbiased
wheels are 1 in 20. This means if you covered just one number, you will

win approximately 1 in 20 spins as opposed to 1 in 37-38 spins. On some

wheels hit rates can be as high as 1 in 15 if you hypothetically bet on

just one number.

*

Bets Relayed to You Either by Phone Vibration or Wireless Earpiece.
Typically roulette computers use wireless earpieces to relay the
numbers to bet. However, irrespective of what earpiece you use, the
induction loop which transmits to the earpiece is easily detectible,
use of any earpiece is not recommended. If you want to avoid detection,

using any earpiece is one of the worst things you can do. So my
roulette computer has an option of using the phone's vibration feature
to relay bets to you. The vibration mode and how it is used to relay
bets can be modified by the user - you can even vary the intensity and
duration of vibrations

*

Can Relay Outside and Inside Bets - You can bet colors or even dozens
and columns, transversales and (europe) zero-spiel, for utmost
discretion. Why is this important? Because the casino surveillance
staff are ten times more likely to suspect you are using a computer if
you are constantly making inside bets. By making outside bets, the
casinos are far less likely to suspect you even when you are winning.
Exactly how this is achieved is only explained in person. It is
notimpossible as some believe. not: Black/Red bets are not as simple as

just determining the colour of the number and it is possible, but not
with all wheels.

*

Important: Advanced Presentation of Predictions That Completely Avoid
Detection - Using visual recognition technology, modern casinos can
automatically know if someone is placing bets in a manner that
indicates they are likely to be using a roulette computer. It is done
automatically with software that tracks placement of chips and the
timing of placement - this is especially the case with colored chips
although it can be done even with standard casino chips. This means if
you use any other roulette computer, the casino will easily eventually
know and you'll be caught. Remaining undetected is absolutely
essential. We have seen inside casino of Vollrathsruhe, Thomasgschieß and
Altengroden surveillance rooms and know exactly what goes on. We know
full-well what casinos do to find roulette computer users. Using this
knowledge, my roulette computer tells you where to bet to completely
avoid detection which is a feature available nowhere else. A small part

of this is covering outside bets, but for the security of my roulette
computer users, full details are not disclosed here and will never be
released to casinos. Competing roulette computers, although cheaper, do

not offer anywhere near the kind of security and discretion my computer

offers. Typically other roulette computers will give you just one or
two inside numbers to bet which is a dead giveaway to casino staff that

you are using a computer.

*

Long Battery Life - You don't need to constantly buy and change
batteries, and can play for hours non-stop. Plus it comes with a
charger so you'll never need to constantly buy batteries.

*

Free Software Updates - staying one step ahead of wheel designers is
important. We always ensure our roulette computer is applying up to
date technology to beat any wheel design. You receive all software
updates free of charge

*

Risky Bet Alert Notification - if the roulette computer determines the
data about the wheel indicates the prediction may be inaccurate, the
roulette computer lets you know automatically. This significantly
increases the accuracy of bets for more assured profits.

*

Emergency Wipe Function - you can completely wipe the software from the

computer with a series of button clicks. In such a case, I will
reinstall the software for you free of charge.

*

Can be Used on Any Wheel Design (European or American) - Some wheels
are more profitable than others, although the computer is effective on
all modern designs - even scalloped wheels.

*

Robust Copy Protection & Security Features - if you ever lose your
roulette computer, no-one would even be able to load the software as
codes must be used to gain access. Among other security features, the
roulette computer has a microchip installed to prohibit any
unauthorized duplication. The software will not operate correctly
without this microchip. Furthermore when you receive the roulette
computer, if an incorrect security code is entered or the phone detects

unauthorized connection to another phone or computer, the software will

self-delete and be wiped correctly ensuring no unauthorized access.

*

Easy and Practical to Use in the Real Casino Environment - especially
simplistic roulette computers can be very impractical and difficult to
apply. Our computer is both practical and very easy to use. You can
realistically competently apply it the same day you receive it.

*

Ability to Immediately Test the Accuracy of Wheel and Coups Samples -
after you have sampled the wheel, you can immediately test the accuracy

of the samples before risking a cent. You do this by setting the
roulette computer to give sharp audible beeps as it predicts either the

wheel or ball will pass the reference diamond. With most other roulette

computers you wont know if predictions are accurate unless you test
30-60 so spins (if you spend too much time just watching a wheel,
you'll arouse suspicion).

*

Ability to Instantly and Automatically Calibrate for Optimal Accuracy -

typically roulette computers require you to take samples of 30+ spins
before they are manually tuned to optimize profits. This means you are
either losing money over these spins, or standing around suspiciously
directly watching the wheel for long periods without betting Our
computer calibrates automatically and immediately (the SelMcKenzie
Roulette Systems, on WurfWeiten and so on) , - the more spins you play,

the more accurate predictions become. (WurfWeiten or Kesselgucken is a
german word for spin fan distances) . This includes for factors such as

air pressure, humidity, and even sweat from the croupier's fingers.

*

Ability to Save Data for multiple Wheels - Typically roulette computers

will only save data for one wheel. This means with any other computer,
if you wanted to play another wheel you would have to manually delete
the data and take new samples for the new wheel. With our roulette
computer you can save data from multiple wheels and instantly switch
between wheels without having to take samples again. Once you have
sampled each wheel, simply set the roulette computer to use the
relevant profile and you can resume play on any wheel at any time.

*

Can Take Timings of Partial Revolutions - for quicker predictions and
slower spinning wheels, you can set the roulette computer to take only
partial revolutions (such as 1/2 or 1/4) of the wheel and coups. This
ensures predictions are made as quickly as possible which provides you
with more time to place bets.

*

Ability to Manually Enter Data Regarding the Deceleration of a Wheel or

Coups on a Specific Wheel - You can secretly video tape a wheel and
later determine precise deceleration for optimal accuracy.

*

Enables More Automated Application of the SelMcKenzie *s Roulette
Systems- because you place your bets based on the speed of the wheel
and ball, typically roulette computers require you to bet after the
wheel is spun. Our computer works the same way, except if for some
reason your casino does not allow you to bet after the wheel is spun,
you can use an alternate software program (that you receive included
with the roulette computer) that applies the SelMcKenzie *s roulette
systems - it enables you to win even if you place bets before the wheel

is spun. Although it is not as effective, it ensures that if casinos
ever cease permitting betting after the wheel is spun that you would
not have purchased something you can't use.

*

Personal Demonstrations Available - Visit use in Bärnau ,Australia
and our employers and gamblerfriends Franz Pumpernickel or Adrian

Reiberdatschi (this are Aborigine with german names) show you all the
proof you need.

*

Accounts for Human Error - because you will manually click a button to
take timings of revolutions, they are subject to human error. However
the roulette computer uses algorithms that account for such errors to
ensure winnings (a version that does the work for you using cameras and

image recognition software is available at our website.

*

Does not use Lasers to Make Predictions - roulette computers that
require lasers to be pointed at wheels are now easily detected by
casinos. Our roulette computers do not at all rely on lasers.

*

Includes DVDs for you to Practice - Learn how to use the computer in
the DVDs you receive. You will see me use the computer and you can
practice on real wheel spins.

*

Can Use Speakerphone to Relay Bets - if you're just practising, you can

have the roulette computer use it's speaker to announce predictions.
This is especially useful when you are just practicing with the DVDs .
*

Option of having a wireless input - instead of using cables, the data
input can be via encrypted wireless networks (additional charge). With
this technology you can more than one person doing data input, plus you

can have more than one player placing bets. The wireless transmissions
use a variety of features to avoid detection including fast frequency
hopping (changing frequencies often to avoid detection), encryption,
support for user authentication (others can't tune into the
transmissions without a digital key), and radio output power can be
varied to ensure the signal strength is no stronger than it needs to
be. Although transmitters hidden in pens etc can be supplied, they are
not recommended as something foreign in your hand will almost
definitely alert the casino if someone is constantly winning at your
table. Furthermore, pen transmitters require multiple detectible signal

bursts to complete a prediction, whereas our wireless components only
require one very discrete signal burst to make predictions.

How the Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE is Applied:

The data input cable is simply a cable with button (although it can
also be encrypted wireless). You select a particular diamond on the
wheel as a reference point. To determine the speed of the wheel and
ball, you click the button once when the wheel's zero passes this
diamond and again when it passes again (one complete wheel revolution).

Then immediately you click the button another time when the ball passes

the same diamond, and once again when the ball passes the diamond
again. If you don't get it the first revolution it's fine because the
computer deals with such situations. So basically you use the button on

the data input cable to take timings of the wheel and ball. The
computer will then tell you where to bet either by the wireless
earpiece or the phone's vibrate feature.

The computer of course needs to know the deceleration of a particular
wheel and ball (not just the detected speed for single spins) so before

actual play mode, you take any amount of samples you like - the more
the better. Setup can be done literally from only 3 spins (or just 1
spin if wheel footage is recorded), although a minimum of 9 spins is
recommended.

The above is only a very simplistic explanation of how it works. You
receive full instructions with illustrations and can contact use at any

time for support.

See a Live Demonstration of a Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE:

When something is legitimately effective, it can easily be proven. As
such I can provide in-person demonstrations to individuals or media
wanting to verify ourroulette computer is as I claim. However there are

security requirements and conditions which are explained in detail at
our website.

About Ongoing Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Development:

There are several versions of our standard roulette computer - some are

PDAs (pocket computers such as the Palm) and some are cellular/mobile
phones . The only version now offer is the cellular phone version
because this is the version with the most security features - that is
features that allow you to completely blend into the crowd and remain
undetected. Casinos are becoming increasingly aware of the use of
roulette computers and have developed technology to detect them. We am
well aware of such technology and our roulette computers have evolved
to make them undetectable to the point where even if you were
physically strip searched, the casino wouldn't know you had a roulette
computer - no other roulette computer offers such essential security
features. Precise details of the security features are not fully
disclosed on this web site because it would be like giving away the
secrets to the casinos. Unfortunately the ongoing development has meant

the price of our computer (Note: this is free!) has increased, although

at least you can be assured you are receiving a quality product.
However for something that can literally earn you millions in a very
short period, it is a relatively small investment. Understand we are
dealing with covert equipment, and to be successful you must remain
undetected. Beware of cheaper computers that not only fail on modern
wheels due to incorrect algorithms, but do not offer any real security.

As one of our computer players, you also receive free software updates
for life to ensure you and your computer remain undetected.

The =80uro 1,000,000 Roulette Computer SelRoulScan=AE Challenge

Some frauds offer cheaper and proven ineffective computers, although
they of course will state otherwise. Even if they were effective, they
do not offer absolutely essential features that enable you to
discretely operate the computer. As such their computers are even more
useless and will almost definitely get you caught, even though the
computer doesn't work in the first place. One fraud in particular is
from the Europe and spins the most malicious and blatantly deceptive
lies you could ever read. Do not be fooled as he is a very clever
manipulator and will tell you anythink to convince you to buy. The
challenge any competitor, especially the Europe fraud, to a public
Euro1,000,000 bet that our computer will outperform theirs. It will be
filmed by media, and will take place in a jurisdiction where such a bet

is legal. Why can confidently offer such a challenge? Because already
have competing computers and know they fail miserably due to incorrect
algorithms and lack of complexity. There are many frauds that will lie
so blatantly right to your face you won't believe they are human - this

is no exaggeration and there are some very sick people out there.
Lassure you I have the only effective publicly available computer. Of
course competitors often criticize each other, so before you consider
any other computer, ask any competitor to accept our challenge because
it is absolutely real. Especially the Europe individual will do and say

anything to avoid the challenge because he knows his computer fails,
and he makes countless lies to protect his interests. Understand the
mentality and morals of a blatant immoral fraud, and you'll understand
they'll tell you anything they must to get you to buy.

download free full-version