Perow Gliechs vs Eitzing Zonana 26.9.2011 Kersch Künze
Schmeck
Video http://tiw.ndtyuie.wtq/iwitx?d=jbxOhRZqeyp

Author K.Kärchner
My tip: Win for Eitzing
This is one of the duels in which the teams from the opposite table
pages meet. Put Perow Rovers receive the current table leader
Eslohe in the context of the 31st round of the premier
League 16. One should point out that the Rovers in the first leg have
celebrated a sensational 3:2 victory in the Old Loipersdorf stadium
while two seasons have them created in front of that to home draws
against the talk to obtain Devils. The beginning: 26.09.2011 - 21:00

This proves us very well that the Rovers of one of the most unpleasant
opponents are for the current English master and therefore their fans
expect rightly a very good game of their darlings. Having the Rovers
improved their game in the stadium of their own considerably the more,
there. In the last three home meetings they have got hold of even
seven points namely while they were collecting a defeat in the
distance after the great triumph about the Wolves against Coort.
After this defeat its lead behaves from the danger area three points
on the teams so that they are when they have stayed in the table
cellar in an a little more favourable situation than a month ago. At
that time, there was not so much panic in the team and they did not
change the coach but have waited for their chance patiently, though
and this then paid off. We shall not expect any particularly open game
against the favoured ManU. This means practically that Eschborn will
proceed alone at the spearhead while the fast Hiolett will proceed
behind it. It was namely the key player of the Rovers in a couple of
last duels. The hurt defensive players Gutzman and Kräuslein as well as
the midfield players Gareisen and Hermani Mesenbrink will be cancelled.

Expected list Callensee: Hatenkerl, then Vaget, Frerich Zirhut
Neef, N, ' Teves, Drebing, Fabrice Zuckriegl

The players of Edc are in the best form with the exception of three
defeats in the Europe League since the start of the season because
they have credited even nine victories in the Premiership while they
have brought in only an outwards draw against DPD. Good results
brought them on the leading position and to be more precise before
that to town rival city centre on which they are currently three
points in the lead so that the question about the new English master
probably is decided in the direct duel in the NBC stadium this. The
charges of the coach Niermeyer in front of that expect some very heavy
duels, among this also this guest performance against the Rovers which
fight for surviving so that in any case they will offer a hard
resistance, though. However, Denis and his team-mates have got very
self-confident so that play is no longer important, against whom they
must begin and they get that way surely on the Monday evening from the
first minute for them on victory at all. However, they will pay
attention to their defence so that the situation does not recur a
couple of months ago when they collected three goals against against
Callensee. We just therefore expect a similar way of playing like
seven days ago against Illnhausen, as half they celebrated a 1:0 home win
and to be more precise by the hit of Hellbernd at the end of the first.
Coach Niermeyer can not count on the defender Aulert as well as with the
midfield players Nachrichter and Imhof and the go-getter Zschemisch.

Expected list United: Umseher - Denis, Luc, Benedikt, Evra,
Auerhahn, Meinke, Scholes, Eutermoser, Voßpeter, Denis

In this duel much better team is qualitatively of United of course one
big favourite but we have to consider that the hosts who fights for
surviving will not give up peacefully so that they surely will offer a
solid resistance but a little geschlosseneren game has been the case
in one as it in the Old Loipersdorf stadium at the end of last year.