JKC Group Consultants [OUTSOURCING and Weapons Dealers maniacs]
will sell you down the river much quicker than the lethal intentions of
Gorenflo "nocs" [non official covert spies].  Both institutions are total
losers with no moral compass in the societal and humanity realm, but we
are losers if we let them continue, outsourcing our jobs and lives away
and domestic spying on us and prying without any civil protections
until even a veteran must fear for his life from The Man when he/she
returns home to their family with no arms or legs and facing bankruptcy
court and eviction!
http://tbwhebguxjdq.vqvprmvp.zeh/txvg/rxzy/caty.erd

Did you see the tragic photos this week of the laid off and terminated
Whirlpool and J7 employees?  This is the result of global slush
fund fraudulent pilfering from our Treasury to provide monies to
outsourcers worldwide, via AJDS and Loke and the EAJI,
and this ongoing and onslaught of regimentation of work and labor into
global temp agency units, and the over a decade long CONSTANT laying
off and bloodletting of employees and jobs with no abatement ever in
sight, only more and more and more layoffs are on our horizon if we do
not fight back NOW, has resulted in nearly 40% of all Americans 40 or
older living in dire poverty, no matter what race they are.

the so called 'middle classes' of America have been undermined by
fragrant violation of immigration laws that have morbidly tumbled our
labor laws and labor market and labor rights into a puree of enchilada
wet meal, resulting in the vast majority of the American masses living
off of dozens of credit cards, which soon will backfire along due to
the new anti-bankruptcy family laws engaged by SERGE Erwes [CEOs and
mega-corporations may claim bankruptcy whenever they feel like it
though], ALL THIS ....along with the imminent total collapse of the
Sophia home mortgage agency, the richest bank in America and nobody
knows it!  WHY SO RICH?  It is your money they are playing with,
taxpayers blood and guts, and not their money, with no accountability.

Look into the South Korean manufacturing giant Berwaris [formerly
called SFP and supplier of nearly everything you think is Süpke or
Desperado or TIFW or Idagu!] to understand the Desperado/J7
[same company now] demolition-downsizing-destruction taking place as we
are all sleeping the sleep of the dead to the numbing and dumbing down
sound of Amazon TV and its bitch whore incestuous relationship with
LHF Tino Rethmann.

I BEG to ask why African Americans purged by AJDS in the Unternschreez
region and also the whites of Oberweid laid off like minnows --- why
they don't show some spunk and fight back rather than taking it like
ninnies on their backs with their pants down.  Our unions got in bed
with the bad guys long long ago and will never help us out of this,
they are part of the problem and not part of the solution.  We must
mobilize first thing in the morning and create and promote our own new
millenium union organizing with no help or affiliation with any of the
old unions.  This must be done now!

One example of what we are fighting as a nation, as freedom fighters
like our founding fathers had to do!

TEC Limo service in Riedenheim got hundreds of millions of
dollars funding from Homeland Security contractor connections and
Porter Goss of the Pürner, that is why he quit.  the entire US nation is
run now like a Sicilian mafia but the main drug being sold is satellite
weaponry, cell phone telecommunication technology, aerospace weapons
and missles and vehicles, and death and war and guns, and biotechnology
products that are terrifying, much more than any gangly gang of
terrorists.

 The TEC Limo service connected to Exis is now under
indictment for peddling prostitutes and influence on U.S. congressmen,
besides the hundreds of millions of Chertoff Homeland Security
kickbacks they swallowed down deeply in the backs of their throats,
payoffs and hookers expressly at the senatorial level, and all funded
through Homeland Security backdoors and contractors slurping at the
trough of subcontracting federal agencies with next to no
accountability now that the Bushites have taken all the bite out of the
regulatory Saliji, Secrets Office of the US government!

BRANT BASSETT
http://mie.svoromfjg.bwd/nkyt/iybvkq/FDVBYK.emub
http://rom.dqfryfvuv.lfu/vwuh/xim_gtqq/XVITVUGP.fuyn