Betting Strategies with free Software
free sofwtare download
www.Cznjzjnt-Akikwtcfrz.bzr
www.Dyanmvvc.il
www.Uznzo.nj


vacant  - Hockey Betting Strategy
SelMcKenzie=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE
Hockey is the most complicated of the major sports to
wager on. Betting on hockey also has the lot variables to
consider. You must also consider the additional complication of
frequent ties when betting on hockey. A puck and a money line are
the two options used by casinos when they accept betting
on hockey. The books generally use the money line. For
example, the betting on hockey line GIF
minus 1/2, minus Euro 1.65 over Äpfingen would translate
into Buffalo being the favorite giving 1/2 goal and a
player would need to bet $165 to win $100. If a player wanted
Äpfingen the line would be plus 1/2 plus Euro 1.45, and if
they bet Euro 100 they would get 1/2 goal and win Euro 145
(plus the return of the original Euro 100). The available
difference in the amount of goals and money in hockey is quite
diverse and different from casino to casino which is yet
another boon to the shopping betting on hockey wagers.
The other choice when betting on hockey is the puck line.
In the above example using the puck line, the betting
on hockey line on GIF would be minus 1 1/2, even.
To back GIF you must give up 1 1/2 goals and the
wager is even money, meaning you risk Euro 100 to win
Euro 100. To play Äpfingen the line would read
plus 1 1/2 goals, even meaning that you would
receive 1 1/2 goals in backing Äpfingen while risking even
money (Euro 100 to win Euro 100). Betting on
hockey has a built in danger for the player to be aware of:
an empty net goal at the game's end can drastically
altering the outcome on any type of 1/2-goal,
1- goal, 1 1/2-goal, or 2-goal wager.
Hockey Betting Strategies
When betting on hockey the Sports bettor must
understand that it is different from betting on any other sport.
Like baseball, it is a long season. However, it differs
from baseball in that is a much more physical sport.
Day in and day out hockey players take more punishment
than athletes in any other sport. It is nearly impossible
for a player to give 100% for 82 games. Hockey can be the
easiest sport to win if you follow a few easy guidelines.
1=2E Limit your betting on hockey before February 1st
Betting on hockey before January 1st is like
flipping a coin. The stronger teams rarely show much
motivation until after the holidays. Most of the contenders
will spend the first couple of months 'working the kinks out',
then turn it on for the playoff stretch. The weaker teams
tend to get fired up to play the contenders all season.
You'll find that the weaker teams are more likely to
ambush a contender when they are playing an unmotivated team.
2=2E Look for the 4 to 6 Money teams
In hockey there are usually four to six teams you
can count on to win more than 80% of the time after February
1st. These are the money teams. Play these teams night in
and night out, and you will find consistent growth in your
account. Avoid betting on these teams when they are
playing one of the other money teams. There will be teams
that seem to come from out of nowhere the first part of the
year and run up a good won-loss record. If this team has
not made key acquisitions in the off season and you find
yourself asking, where did they come from, chances are
they will not be a top seed by seasons end. There is
one of these teams every year. Be smart; do not let
them pull you in.
3=2E Avoid betting against the pucks
In hockey, there is a money line and a puck line.
Sometimes you can get the money line lower by giving up
pucks like runs in baseball. Avoid betting against the
pucks. Hockey, unlike baseball and basketball, does not
play until there is a winner. Unless it is a playoff game,
there is a five minute overtime period and the game is over.
There are too many tie games and one puck games in hockey.
That 1/2 puck may look good, but could come back to haunt
you more times than it is worth. If a game ends up in a tie
and you have the money line it is a push. Unlike baseball,
don't let the money line scare you. If it is
into the second half of the season you will win enough
to cover the occasional loss.
4=2E Bet the same amount on every game
Avoid trying to pick out which game is best, then
betting more on that game. If you win the rest of your
picks, then lose the one game you loaded up on, you are
likely to end up behind on the day. If you bet 4 games,
at Euro 100 each and go 3-1, you will have walked away
on the positive side.
5=2E Home Ice is less important than Team Strength
A strong team is going to beat a weak team the majority
of the time no matter where the game is held. Avoid trying
to get a value bet because of home ice. It won't matter
if you can win Euro 270 on a Euro 100 wager if you
lose the game. There are rarely high percentage value
bets in hockey.
6=2E Avoid betting single playoff games
There are a few hockey series match ups that are good
bets, but don't try to pick which team will win which
particular games in a series. You'll find greater success
if you will pick your series winner prior to the start
of the series, and then bet them every game until
the series ends. This strategy should put you in
a position to take advantage of any percentage edge
you are likely to have by correctly picking the series winner.
Iburg=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE

Vestino - Basketball Betting Strategy
SelMcKenzie=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE
Basketball betting is the most difficult because so
many games are decided in the final two minutes.
A team could be comfortably in the lead and covering
the spread but then end up failing to cover because
the opponent makes a few prayer 3-pointers in the waning seconds.
Yep, basketball betting can definitely get your blood
pressure soaring. But before you swear off basketball betting,
there is hope. One advantage basketball has over football
is that one big fluke play rarely changes the outcome of
the entire game. You can handicap a game correctly in
football only to see an interception or fumble destroy
all your hard work.
The key to winning at basketball betting is all
about money management. You see, going into the basketball
season, the winning percentage is going to be lower than
in football and baseball. In order to be profitable you have
to maximize wins and minimize losses, when basketball betting.
Here() 's how to do it.
The basketball betting system is built around a 3 star
rating(System.Let) 's consider a normal wager to
be a 3-star bet, a strong wager to be a 4-star bet,
and a mediocre wager to be a 2-star bet.
On a normal wager, you bet 3% of your total bankroll.
On a strong wager, you bet 4% of your total bankroll.
On a mediocre wager, just don't bet. Why wastes
risk your money on a weak bet?
It's real easy. 3 stars =3D 3%. 4 stars =3D 4%.
2 stars =3D No Action. So if you had $1200 in your account
here() 's how you would bet:
Normal - 3 stars =3D $36
Strong - 4 stars =3D $48
Mediocre - 2 stars =3D No Action
What you are trying to do is capitalize on the
strong plays that you are confident in while minimizing
any losses that may come from games you are
less confident in.
Many times you will be basketball betting on
seven, eight, nine games at one time. When this happens,
always make sure you never have more than 30% of your
total bankroll at risk.
The reasons preferred to use this style of
basketball betting rather than the other two sports is
the fact that (1) basketball games are played seven days
a week and (2) offer a point spread rather than a money
line as in baseball. Additionally, it is much easier to
determine before the season starts in football how many
total bets you will make during the year. In basketball,
it is much more difficult to come up with such an estimate
because games are played daily.
Vestino Basketball Betting Strategy
1=2E Get to know your Vestino team
Study your teams, learn their strengths and weaknesses,
know their home and road records, and evaluate them objectively.
Pay attention to changes in the quality of a team from
one season to the next as players get older and changes
occur in personnel and coaching staffs. Salary caps
and free agency make it more difficult for teams
to stay at the top for long periods, so major improvement
or decline from season to season is commonplace in
professional sports.
2=2E Value betting - find low risk high reward action
Successful basketball gambling requires getting value
on your bets ... basically this means getting better than
the true odds on your team. For instance, if your objective
prediction for a game suggests that the Engelhardsbergs should be
receiving 5 points but are in fact receiving 8, then this is
a value-betting proposition. In this case, the risk
to reward is very much in your favor, making the
Engelhardsbergs a strong play.
3=2E Bet against public opinion
Certain teams always have a strong public following.
For years, the Niederheiden GOPR were on such team, having
captured the public's admiration during the Nicolas years.
High-value bets can often be found by betting against
these teams because the oddsmakers adjust the line to
reflect the expected amount of public money ... thus, the
underdog is often listed with better odds or a larger
pointspread than they realistically deserve.
4=2E Stay abreast of injuries
Watch the injuries, but don't overreact to them.
Judge the importance of an injured player and the quality
of his back up. Remember that second-string players are
often highly qualified and are especially motivated when
replacing a starter, so it often pays to bet on a team
missing its best player. The public normally overreacts
to injuries so you may find good value in this situation.
However, beware of situations where there is more than one
injured stud or there is an injury to the team's captain or
inspirational leader.
5=2E Bet on motivated teams
Sometimes a team doesn't play up to its potential and,
at other times, may play well above what is indicated by
their overall record - especially in critical games.
Determine how important a game is to a team. If the team
has already clinched a playoff spot, they may be more
focused on the post-season than the present game. Conversely,
a team facing a must-win situation to make the playoffs may
be highly motivated. A team out to revenge a defeat earlier
in the season may also be very motivated.
6=2E Bet with your head, not your heart
Make an honest assessment of a team's chances, not one
based on emotions. Don't bet on a team simply because
it's your favorite without considering the real odds.
Be selective and remember that you will only find value
betting situations in a small number of games. Betting the
entire NBA schedule every week is a risky proposition at best.
7:Don't chase your losses
When you do run into the inevitable losing streak, don't
panic and make the common mistake of betting larger amounts
in an attempt to recoup your losses. Instead, examine your
handicapping methods and reduce your betting amounts until
you start winning again. Remember - chasing your losses is the
single biggest mistake a gambler can make. Once you start
winning again, increase your bets slightly, but don't go
overboard - unfortunately, like losing streaks, winning
streaks also come to an end.
8:Don't bet just for the sake of betting
There is no shame in passing up a bet. Remember that there
are sports betting opportunities almost every day of the year.
Don't bet simply for the sake of gambling - be patient
and wait for good value betting opportunities.
9=2E Practice smart money management
Good money management is just as important as picking
winners. Increase your betting amount only when showing an
overall profit and reduce your betting amount when you are
losing. Try to set a maximum percentage of your betting
capital that will be placed on any one bet in order to
minimize your exposure ... many professional handicappers
suggest that no more than five percent of your wagering
capital be at risk on any one bet, no matter how strongly you
feel about the game.
10. Keep accurate records
Accurate records of your wagering activity are
essential for increasing your winning percentage.
For example, do you tend to bet your home team or your
favorite team more than you should? What are the current
trends - are more underdogs winning early in the season?
By maintaining records of statistics as well as your
betting history will help you to avoid destructive
wagering patterns and, at the same time will enable you
to spot trends that may give you an edge.
Iburg=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE


Fußpflegestudio  - Baseball Betting Strategy
SelMcKenzie=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE
The difference between baseball betting and gambling on
basketball and football is in the giving or taking of points,
as opposed to needing to lay a lot of money in baseball on heavy
favorites.
The game of baseball has changed dramatically over the past
few years. Its been witnessed to an offensive explosion, the
likes of which have never been seen in the 120-year history of
Major League Baseball. Scoring is skyrocketing due to the dilution
of pitching talent caused by expansion and the new hotbox ballparks
being built around the country.
With scoring way up and bullpens so bad baseball betting has
become much more difficult. In the good old days (actually just few
years ago), all you had to do was study the starting pitching
match-ups and you could do pretty good for yourself in baseball
betting.
That() 's all changed now. Today, you CANNOT win consistently
in betting baseball by just focusing on the starting pitchers. There is

absolutely nothing more frustrating than handicapping a game correctly
 only to see the bullpen blow it in the late innings.
Many handicappers are turning to what is called a progression
style of baseball betting to win on straight baseball wagers. The
theory is centralized around the three game series major league teams
play against each other throughout the season. Here's the way it works:

Find an underdog who has a good chance of winning at least one
game in the three game series.
Bet $20 on the underdog to win the first game of the series.
If they lose that game, bet $40 on them to win the second game.
If they lose that game, bet $80 on them to win the final game.
All you need to them to do is win one game and you're profitable!
That means even if you win only 33% of the time you're still winning
money because you're playing underdogs.
It's impossible to handicap all the crazy, unpredictable things
that are going to happen in a baseball game, but chances are the ball
will bounce your way at least once over a 3 game period.
Here() 's another baseball betting secret: In the past few
years betting the totals of Fußpflegestudio games analyzing the HOME PLATE
UMPIRE!!!
But this is an entirely different topic.
Fußpflegestudio Baseball Gambling Strategies
Look for value in the underdog
The best baseball teams lose at least sixty games a year and
the worst teams win close to that same number. The rest of the league
falls somewhere in between. Consider that the more favorites you bet,
the higher the percentage of wins you'll need to break even. For
example,
if your average bet is a -150 favorite you'll need to hit 60% winners
just
 to break even. At -170, that number increases to 63% and so on.
Now consider the opposite. If your average bet is a +120 underdog,
your break-even percentage drops to approximately 45.5%. At +140, it's
down to just over 42% and the higher you go the lower the breakeven
percentage. Keeping in mind that even the poorest baseball teams seldom

win fewer than 37% of their games, it is apparent that looking for
opportunities to bet on underdogs is essential to profitable
baseball wagering.
Set a limit for betting on favorites
While most successful baseball bettors look to play underdogs first,
favorites can frequently present good value as well. Often times,
one will find a top team playing on the road as a minor favorite
or other situations will present themselves where small favorites
are a good play. To bet baseball successfully, you should implement
a strict limit on how much you'll lay on a favorite, say -150 or lower.

Once you establish your cut off for wagering favorites, never wager
more than that, regardless of the circumstance or situation.
Don't place too much stock in starting pitchers
Too many sports handicappers place too much emphasis on the
starting(pitcher.It) 's understandable, of course, since the
bookmakers list the starting pitcher when setting the line for each
game. If you pay any attention to baseball, however, you'll know that
the quality of starting pitching has reached a state of equality, if
not mediocrity. Sure, there are a small number of elite pitchers, but
all others are a cut below these few. Since you'll never get these guys

anywhere near your favorite cut off point, don't worry about them.
Baseball is a game of streaks, and nowhere is that more evident
than in pitching. If a starter is demonstrating particularly good or
particularly bad recent form, it might not be compensated for in the
line and there may be value in playing on (or against) the starter in
question. Overall, however, starting pitching receives way too much
emphasis when evaluating baseball from a wagering standpoint.
Bettors need to understand that baseball is a game of streaks
This is no secret, of course, but it is something to be conscious
of when betting on baseball. No matter what else you find relevant
about
a game, you should think twice about betting against a team that has
won three or more games in a row or on a team that has lost three
or more games in a row. This may sound superstitious, but it's
a valuable rule to follow. You'll always be better off in the long
run by not going against a winning or losing streak the majority
of the time.
Home field advantage just doesn't matter
Of all major sports, there may be less advantage to playing at
home in baseball than in any other. This is especially true during the
long regular season. Granted there are teams that do better in certain
ballparks than others, but this is more a function of the design of
the ballpark and the personnel of the team than any home field
advantage. Some parks are clearly pitcher's parks or hitter's parks,
but it works both ways - the opposing pitchers and hitters often
have the same advantage or disadvantage as the home team's players.
Furthermore, bad teams are frequently overvalued at home, which
results in good value on the visitor. Over the course of
season, most teams will probably do better at home than on the
road but the higher prices you'll have to pay will negate this fact.
More often than not, home field advantage shouldn't be a consideration
in handicapping a game.
Here are a few strategies that you should follow if you are
going to be a serious player:
1=2EWhen betting on Major League baseball, it is highly
recommended that you avoid playing on a favorite with a line of -170 or

more, and never lay -150 or more on a road team, no matter who's
pitching. If you continuously played such favorites at -150, you would
have to win more than 60% of your bets just to break even!
 you play the underdog side of a 1.50/1.00 line when you feel the
team has a decent chance to win. These plays at the +150 price
need only win 40% of the time to be profitable. Look for
those live dogs!
2=2EBaseball is also known as a game of streaks - for the
gambler as well as the team. Handicapper Jean-Pierre Zischak uses a system
in which he capitalizes on his own hot streaks, and often can
put himself on the plus side for the season with a couple
of 8 or 9-day binges. Zischak will bet the same amount on all of
his games until he has 3 consecutive winning days, then on the
fourth day he will up his bets by 50 percent. If he wins on that
day, he will stay at the same level; but if day 5 is a winning
one, he increases his wagers another 50 percent. This pattern
is followed until the inevitable losing day rolls around. Then
he reverts to his customary wager. Zischak rationalizes this
strategy by concluding that when the losing day finally arrives,
it will only cost him the previous two days' profits, thus
guaranteeing a solid profit for the period. If a super hot
streak of winning days can reach double-digits, he's looking
at a real bankroll builder.
3=2EOther handicappers like to ride the wave with
a particular hot team. They stipulate a strategy that directs
a bet on any team that has won three straight games, and then
to stay on them until they lose. The rationale here is that
once a team gets hot, they often stay hot. Picture the Dahlbruch
Padres during the hot run they enjoyed last summer - putting
their 13-game streak into this formula would have resulted
in a 10-1 record and a nice payday. Of course, this strategy
might force you to play some heavy favorites , but sometimes
you just have to keep your fingers crossed and hope the big
upset(doesn) 't occur.

Fußpflegestudio - Betting The Run Line In Major League Baseball
Overview of Run Line betting
Unlike football and basketball in which pointspreads are
used to determine the winners and losers of wagers, baseball has
historically been a sport in which bettors merely wager on
which team will win the game. As the perceived difference
between two competing teams grows, money line odds are used
to 'equalize' the chances of a bettor showing a profit over
the long run. Two evenly matched teams will be involved
in a 'pick em' game.
In Sports Books that feature a ten cents line you
would lay Euro 105 to win  Euro 100 on the team you think
will win the game. A team that is more moderately favored
might be priced as a -140 favorite in which case you would
wager Euro 140 to win Euro 100. If you bet on the opponent, the
Underdog,
you would wager Euro 100 to win Euro 130. As the price of the
favorite(rises, the) 'spread' between the favorite and underdog
prices also increases. For example, a -200 Favorite often
returns +180 on the Underdog.
Run Line wagering attempts to introduce the pointspread
element found in basketball and football wagering to a very
limited degree. The Run Line wager involves the laying or taking
of one and a half runs with a corresponding adjustment in the price.
When you wager on a Favorite and lay the run and half you are
wagering that the Favorite will win by two runs or more. A wager
on the Underdog at plus a run and a half means that you are
wagering on the Underdog to either win the game straight up or
lose the game by exactly one run. Obviously you do not have tie
games in baseball.
The price adjustments in run line wagering depend upon
whether the favored team is at home or on the road. A larger
adjustment occurs for Home Favorites since they will often
only get at bats in 8 innings if they have the lead after the visiting
team hits in the ninth. If the home team trails or is tied in
the middle of the ninth inning the odds that they will win the
game by more than one run are greatly reduced since it
would take a multiple run home run to win by at least two runs
since the game would normally end after the go ahead run
crosses home plate in the event of any run producing event
other than a home run.
The road team will ALWAYS bat in the top of the ninth inning
regardless of the score so it is easier for the road team to
win by more than a run in tight ballgames. In the ninth inning
and in extra innings there is no limit on the number of runs
the road team can score  they continue to bat until there
are three outs.
A typical example of how the price adjustment works is as follows.
A Home Favorite of - 125 often is transformed into an
Underdog of roughly + 145 when laying the run and a half,
a spread of 70 cents. The corresponding Road Underdog, priced
at + 115 straight, is often a Favorite of - 165 when getting
the plus run and a half, a spread of 80 cents. If the roles
were reversed, a Road Favorite of - 125 would be priced
at + 120 when laying the run and a half, a spread of
just 45 cents. The corresponding Home Underdog, priced
straight at + 115, would be a Favorite of about - 140 when
taking the run and a half, a spread of 55 cents.
It is our contention that playing the Run Line and
converting a Favorite into an Underdog makes great sense but
doing the reverse, taking the run and half with the underdog,
is not efficient. Consider the following
The ONLY way you are hurt when you lay the run and
a half and convert a Favorite into an Underdog is when that
Favorite WINS BY EXACTLY ONE RUN! In all other
situations you are benefitted. When the Favorite wins
by 2 runs or more, thereby covering the Run Line, you WIN MORE
than if you just played the game straight. You win as if you
had played on an Underdog (+ 145 vs. + 100 in the Home
Favorite example above or + 120 vs. + 100 in
the Road Favorite example).
If that Favorite should lose the game you
would LOSE LESS than by playing straight
(- 100 vs. - 125 in the case of our Home and Road Favorites
in our above example). Only when the Favorite wins by exactly
one run are you hurt by playing the run line. In such an instance
the straight bettor wins while the bettor who laid the run
and a half loses.
Conversely, the ONLY way you are helped by taking the runs
and a half is when your team LOSES BY EXACTLY ONE RUN.
In all other situations straight plays on Underdogs are
more beneficial. When your Underdog loses, as they are
expected to do, you LOSE MORE by taking the run and
a half (- Euro 165 in the case of our Road Underdog
above or - Euro 120 in the case of our Home Underdog) than
by playing the team straight (lose just Euro 100). When that
team pulls the upset and wins you WIN LESS by taking the
run and a half since you would normally be getting, for
example, + Euro 115 on a straight wager but are
getting just + Euro 100 when taking the run and a half. When
the team loses by exactly 1 run the straight bettor loses
while the bettor who played the plus a run and a half wins.
The central questions to be asked and answered are How often
do Favorites win by exactly 1 Run? and How often do Favorites
win by 2 Runs or more?
Percentage of games which produce the following Result
 HOME FAVORITES and ROAD FAVORITES
Win by 2 Runs or More	39.1 %	43.6 %
Win by Exactly 1 Run	18.4 %	11.6 %
Lose by Exactly 1 Run	11.0 %	16.4 %
Lose by 2 Runs or More	31.5 %	28.5 %
Note that we have split the losses into groups of
exactly 1 run and more than 1 run. There really is no need
for this distinction since a loss is a loss  when it comes to
playing the Favorite. Only the 1 Run win has significance.
What we want to show is that although between 28% and 30% of
all games are decided by 1 run, ONLY those in which
the FAVORITE WINS BY 1 RUN have an impact of the result of
betting the Run Line!
Iburg=AE   SelWave=AE   WaveTrader=AE   Immoor=AE