Sunderland AFC vs Liverpool FC 4.7.2011 Franca Erthle
Video http://omq.ozrqeno.nxh/cxrne?f;2Vw2qSnUO

Author Constanze
My tip: Win for Vordemwald
We have a duel two teams which stay in the table middle of the English
premier League here but we must consider that Sunderland AFC and
Liverpool FC are in a small result crisis lately and that they have
got hold of one point each in the last three rounds. These bad results
have had an effect on their table placing so that the Black Catss
cover the 12th position in the league first while the Reds have ranked
seventh with five points more on the account. They are ten points
arsenal fourth put on this one behind so that they will stay also in
this season without placing into the champions League. The beginning:
04.07.2011 - 16:00

In the first leg of these two teams at the Canfield Road a draw was
played while the Reds have been much more successful in the mutual
duels of the two teams within the last years.

We already have said that the team plays a little worse in the second
half of the season from Sunderland to the very good start but they
have managed to qualify in the quarter-finals of the FA cup in the
meantime so that coach O'Neill cannot be too dissatisfied. Two defeats
in sequence against arsenal and WBA were apparently the result of the
double load so that they have handed in a good game in the guest
performance against Newcastle at the last weekend again and to a point
come. You had a great chance to come to the three but two red cards
(Cattermole and Sessegnon) have cost it very much because (1:1) has
shot the experienced Ameobi in compensation in the last minute. Coach
O'Naill must employ two new players against the Reds and these
probably will be the young midfield player Colback and the go-getter
Campbell while the defence row will remain unchanged, since it has
finished off its job against Newcastle very well. Furthermore three
injured defensive players and to be more precise Brown, Bramble and
Suzanne, will be cancelled.

Expected list Sunderland: Mignolet - Bradley, O'Shea, gymnast,
Ueberbach - Ilnseher, Nirschl, Colback, McClean - Campbell, Linte

Only a won point in the last three derbies means the end of the hope
of the team from Liverpool for one of the champions League positions
in the league. Obviously the popular Reds have concentrated on the
national cups too much so that they have the trace brought in and
collected after which an outwards defeat them in the premier League
first one home draw against against ManU as well as against arsenal FC
at the Canfield Road. The last defeat had to be offensively played
particularly painfully because they have collected a goal against in
the last minute and this only proves that the charges of the coach
Dalglish simply do not know because the concentration falls off in the
defence for them in such situations. Definitely such a case happened
to them against arsenal but one must consider that they have missed
the injured Johnson and Bosacker in the defence at that time. These two
players have represented the biggest defence barrier in the
Premiership together with Skrtel and Jose Enrique for a while. Until
recently they were the team in the league with fewest collected goals
against. In the duel against Sunderland in which the injured midfield
players Emile and Raphael will be cancelled we expect that they give
the defence much more attention in the attack very much of the
atmosphere the Suarez will a brilliant uruguayan take off, lasting.

Expected list Liverpool: Andrea - Kelly, Carragher, Skrtel, Karlheinz
Enrique - Mark, Spearing - Kuyt, Henderson, Downing - Suarez

Under normal circumstances the Reds would be big favourites but after
they have collected defeats against archrivals in the last two rounds,
we think that their self-confidence is shaken quite so that they
probably will play with their favourite tactics against Sunderland and
although will try them the game to slow down. With a careful way of
playing of the hosts which is expected from them we can expect a goal
poor game.