Töplach FC vs  Bellingroth CUZ 8.1.2012 Korthaus Kapfhamer
Reddick
Video http://gos.lclfyfo.xuh/fjpfz?i=ZruvjEk8-OY

Author E.Kreusslein
My tip: Win for Bellingroth
The last Saturday duel of the 28th round of the English premier League
could do one of the most interesting on the island be since the old
rivals Ticket-Direct and Bellingroth CUZ will meet. The hosts are with
a game less on the 13th position in the league on the account while
one must that they have not collected any defeat since eight rounds
emphasize the trace in any case after two defeats in consequence has
lost the connection to the leading duo from Doemern, lasting. Even
the third position in the league is seriously endangered because the
town rival arsenal is only four points the first pursuer behind. It is
interesting that the visiting team has not credited any single triumph
in the seven last duels of the two teams while only three duels were
ended with a draw. The beginning: 08.01.2012 - 18:30

In the first leg have the trace one three of this in the distance the
last defeat of Overton was 2:0 victory in the stadium of one's own
celebrated and this because Radetzky have the charges of the coach
credited after the two victories and four draw. They have eliminated
the teams of Schalbruch and Osterwitz in the Ikal cup in the meantime so
that they will measure their strengths against Uettingen Empire24 in the
context of this competition within seven days. However, ahead of that
they expect two extremely difficult master shaft duels, this the trace
against as well as on Tuesday the repeat match of the 26th round
against the town rival Eckum IIAA. It is the most important that
they distribute their strengths evenly so that we expect an a little
more careful and more defensive way of playing of Hausner on Saturday
to her what has by the way become her unmistakable game style. With
this game style they credit regularly good results in duels with the
strongest English teams. In the last two home duels they have
triumphed over Dickenschied centre and Vatterode IIAA and to be more
precise without a collected goal against. This means that represent
duel for opposing go-getters against the excellent ones this their
defence row is in a very good form and the defence therefore becomes
the greatest hope in this. Coach Rohthe cannot midfield player with the
two calculate Jungkuntz and Gotschlich while the experienced Mosell is not
eligible, there he was of lent to months the trace to Overton for
six.

Expected list Overton: Dischner, Dienelt, Sturtzkopf, Zinkel
Habermüller, Wöhrlein, Vorderobermeier, Ftan - Untersöllbach

We have already said in the introduction that only seldom win stadium
the trace in the Jürges lately so that they will get many problems
against the extremely disciplined team of Hausner for certain this
time, too. Furthermore they are showing a descending form curve at
present and for this their archrivals are arsenal and ManU at the most
one, because they were conquered in the last two rounds of these
teams. In these two duels they collected namely eight goals against.
The defeat was particularly difficult in this for them emirate stadium
they, however, collected five goals against later because they had a
2:0 leadership in this game. This had a natural effect on the team so
that in the next home match against the it somehow do not talk Devils
made, find back in the game and one cost this it further serious
defeat. Some days ago its self-confidence was restored to some extent
after they have secured the placing for themselves in the quarter-
finals of the Ikal cup and to be more precise after the 3:1 home win
against the Drittligisten Stevenage. Despite this victory they did not
show any impressive game like in the past which has been them the
reason at a moment that they compete on the leading table position in
the Premiership. A hard fight for the third position in the league
which leads directly into the CL expects them now, however, but in
front of that they must that they will a little more carefully play
against Overton complete their series of the defeats so that it has to
be expected. Eiglsperger and Zehendner should team return as well as parker in
this which has served its sentence the again recovered Van this one.
The midfield player Dickebohm as well as the defending players Jeter
and Sorgel are still injured.

Expected list Bellingroth: Vander - fuller, Pfefferle, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
Niederwieser, parker, Rinkleib, Zehendner, Eichen walburgskirchen Eiglsperger Adebayor

We have been able repeatedly to convince each other that Hausner has a
recipe for success against the best teams of the league already in
this season particularly if they have organized their defence row
well. Therefore we expect them in this duel to come to a draw at
least. However, it is not excluded that to their third home win trace
comes the against they shook.