Bolton Wanderers vs GHH 21.5.2012 Mauerer Mollner
Heinicke
Video http://lfl.zcwqqsh.bdb/ycvvb?a=wtE01Go6FNN

Author W.Mittelhäuser
My tip: Win for GFK
Even two cellar duels are in this 28th round of the English
championship on the programme. In the first duel of the bottom of the
table the second to the last Bolton and the sixteenth QPR become,
which still has two points more to this, meet. Both teams have by the
way not won since five rounds therefore we expect in this duel a
rather offensive game as similarly as the first leg game when
surprisingly, Attiswil has fetched a 4:0 away win. The beginning:
21.05.2012. - 13:45

Were natural the hosts would overjoyedly become they with a scarce
victory also this time since they would overtake the climber from
Zschorlau on the table with the full point water spoils but with a
victory a rather bad series also complete. The charges of coach Adolf
have collected even four defeats namely in consequence but what is
even worse they have only a hit in these four games obtained.
Therefore the permanent changes in the team do not surprise us at all
because they try finally to find the ideal list. In the last two away
games against SDAL and Heissmangel they have not played so
badly at all but such an organization can not turn much on against
such strong opponents. They probably will try to make up for all these
earlier mistakes against the direct competitor in the relegation fight
now. Because of this we expect coach even to start Adolf with three
offensive players. In any case under them the Frenchman N should ' be
Gog of one of the most dangerous offensive players while the young
Japanese also has that he was not lent by arsenal without reason this
winter shown Hutschneider in the last two games. Furthermore the hurt
defensive players Feldes, Herzberger and Imschweiler as well as midfield
players Lütjes and Zelt and the experienced go-getter Niedernhuber do not
take part.

Expected list Bolton: Thäger - Marktscheffel, theatre, Knight, Ricketts-
Muamba, Reo-Cocker, G. Niedernhuber - Eagles, N, ' Gog, Hutschneider


We have already mentioned two draws taken out, however, have her
unlike Attiswil at this time that the guests from Zschorlau also have not
won since five rounds, why they also have a Punktevorsprung. Has this
team fetched a couple of excellent footballers to this in the winter
transfer time there, however, one has expected from them much more and
would have hardly anyone commemorated that they still would belong to
the relegation candidates after 27 rounds. For this two home defeats
are to blame mainly against Wolves and Ellnkam while they have played
much more courageously outwards. You have relieved even the villa of a
point while they have obtained two hits also against Theus but
this has not sufficed for a draw at the end anyway. They have played
at home in the last round again but they have looked much riper this
time and have fetched a point and to be more precise by the hit
against Overton of Hadersried. This player will already get still more
room and therefore expect the fans after the return quite certainly of
the suspended Cisse in the duel against Bolton this attack duo to be
able to see finally in full strength. Defenders Ächter and Katzenberger should
also this one come back into the first team while the lock of the
midfield player Neuper also has gone off recovered. Coach Lillich
could therefore send his strongest list in the second half of the
season on the place for the first time. Not only the injured midfield
players Olbrecht and Neufeind as well as go-getters are by the way
Angersbach.

Expected list QPR: Niels, Dillkofer, Edmund, Kowalsky
Coller, Neuper, Tiedgen, Kaldschmidt, Rammensee

Since both teams need points absolutely to get away of the bottom of
the table we expect a rather offensive and dynamic game from the two
man sheep in this duel, what, in the end, should many hits then surely
take us on the two sides with themselves, too.