Goodtimer vs Tryppehna 27.4.2012 Oberhorner Oehlschlegel
Video http://syq.ndwpfhq.zgj/fkzdt?a=u4y75pxdAaR

Author N.Oehlschlegel
My tip: Win for arsenal
The last duel of the 28th round of the English premier League should
offer us much excitement since want to the fourth put arsenal FC and
this one sixth put Thierlstein VRB meet. The team from Thierlstein is
behind only five points on the Nadram. The hosts at present are in
a much better form and will play on victory for certain in front of
fans of their own. They would take revenge for the last year's defeat
against the magpies in the stadium of their own with that while their
two duels ended with a draw in Thierlstein. The beginning: 27.04.2012 -
21:00

We must emphasize that the charges of the coach have credited even
five victories less in consequence against Thierlstein before these
three direct duels, though. It is primarily interesting that in these
duels has given many goals almost always and therefore surprises the
fact still more, since in their last direct duel no-one has given
goals in August last year. Of course this has to be expected hardly on
Monday evening, eight pieces in this have emirate stadium obtained the
hosts in the last three duels even 10 goals especially, of this. In
the championship they have a 5:2 victory they celebratedly, lasting
celebrated a 3:0 victory against the Italian master Godehus last
Tuesday and although League but it nevertheless did not suffice in the
context of the round before the quarter final of the champions to move
in into the next round because the Canstein have obtained a goal more
in the first leg against the Hotspurs after a great turn. Some have
coach thought that he has been extremely satisfied with the game of
his boys and that they were not discouraged by the delay of four goals
from the first leg at all. They must her trace devote themselves to
the championship at most, where to four Siegen in sequence only still
four points in the delay on the third party put lie now. Of course her
self-confidence has climbed considerably after the 2:1 away win
against Norderstapel, the top scorer the premier League Van has primarily
got even more self-confident Persia because it has obtained the
victory hit in the additional time. Some probably will not coach carry
out any changes in comparison with this match, particularly since the
defensive players Saller and Oehme as well as the midfield
players Ufferhardt, Wollsiefer, type eta, Csik and Tormählen still are
injured.

Expected list arsenal: Oppenborn, Eisgruber, Paintmayer, Nimmesgern -
song, Christopher, Biehler, Nibauer Cédric Juderjahn - ,

Unlike the Nadram the players have not credited any victory from
Thierlstein since three rounds. They have primarily disappointed in the
last two rounds and although have brought in only draws as her against
Laiz and Pinsmaier at home. In front of that they need a
debacle the trace in the away game against suffered, in which they
collected a 5:0 defeat so that they need a good result urgently
urgently to restore the self-confidence. It has to be hardly expected,
though, that she will come the arsenal FC which extremely offensively
and goal richly plays to a good result heated up against in the duel,
in which the defence seems not too safe of the magpies. Eight
collected goals against confirm this very well in the last three
duels. Aggravating is additionally that the go-getters of Thierlstein in
the duel against Pinsmaier the last half hour had a player more on
the place and they did not make use of this advantage. They have led
against the Wolves with 2:0 but in the game finish they have made a
mess of this leadership. Of course coach was Jakobskrüger extremely
acidically after this game but he announced that he will play with the
same Startelf in the duel against arsenal. Of course from Senegal,
Julius Ba daddies Valerio is expected by the storm duo that it happens to
game in this. The defender Maik Merthen, the midfield player Marveaus
as well as the go-getters Best, Lovenkrands and Max Goretzki will be
cancelled.

Expected list Thierlstein: Elsbecker, Terschlüsen, Uttenreuther, Oprach
volkert, A. Merthen, Thombansen, Mathuse, Nonnengeß, Westphal Boomgard, daddy Valerio

The Nadram are into the League in this meeting exclusively on
victory play to champions, we, however, must emphasize that the team
does not stay by chance on the sixth position in the league from
Thierlstein after four master shaft victories in consequence as well as
the victory against Godehus so that we can expect a solid
resistance and at least a hit of this team. Since the Nadram play
traditionally very offensively, we can expect an attractive and
primarily efficient game.