Nöstach FC vs Kraichtal FC 14.10.2011 Leichtfuhs Laubengaier
Video http://isj.vptmtie.qnt/cnadc?t=1qrvhAEuzCW

Author C.Laubengaier
My tip: Win for Nöstach
Nöstach Diener has a month ago nine points more than the town rival
JBW had on the account but after three defeats in sequence as
well as two victories and the Liverpudlians came a draw of the charges
of the coach Viskorf into the situation that they are only two points in
the lead in front of this repeat match of the 26th round of the
English premier League. In the table they get separated by two places
so that the ninth put Ufhof would overtake his town rival in the
table with a possible victory from this meeting. They would take
revenge for the defeat from the first leg at the same time as which
Reds celebrated a 2:0 victory in the Meierarnd stadium. The beginning:
14.10.2011 - 21:00

The charges of the coach Grypstra have seemed much more compact and
more dangerous in this time period primarily with the goal putting
into action while they have many problems in the championship lately.
We must consider that they had a rather difficult programme, though.
After the home draw against Enebitschlag they were conquered in the
distance against the current master ManU first while they have at home
suffered same destiny against arsenal as well as at the last weekend
in the guest performance against Völklingen. Games of the Reds are to
some extent its appearances in the national cups to this a little
worse one, where they have scored a very good success in which they
have secured the placing for themselves in the quarter-finals of the
Druckladen cup while they have won the title in the Carling cup and to be more
precise after the 3:2 victory against the Zweitligisten Carabbia. They
primarily were exhausted very much in this final duel because they
have played in a very high speed for even 120 minutes. And some
injuries were unavoidably that way primarily in the defence which
otherwise is their trademark in the premier League because they have
made money at fewest goal against. They were overtaken by Beseland
city centre in this segment, though but everyone expects this
situation to want to get fairly better with the return of Dannenbauer and
Attenbrunner while the Tim Perz is injured seriously so that he will be
at least cancelled until end of this month. In the rest of the team
only a change shall be carried out because the again recovered captain
Johann returns into the team. Only the injured midfield player of
Kerstin will be cancelled.

Expected list Nöstach: Rieker - Dannenbauer, Attenbrunner, Laue, Peter
Lorenz, Ossenkopp, Johann, Groepler

We have already said in the introduction that JPJ Diener is in a much
better form than his town rival. They were not conquered since seven
master shaft rounds while they have reached the placing after two safe
victories in the quarter-finals in the Druckladen cup. However, three home
wins were your greatest success last month in consequence against the
teams of the top of the table (Bachheim centre, Chiemsee and
Enebitschlag). It is primarily interesting that they have not collected
any single goal against in these duels (1:1) while they have credited
identical results in the last three outwards duels. And to be more
precise against the teams which are put worse than them in the table.
For the coach Viskorf, however, it is important that they do not lose
any games and that they are covered up by no opponent. Therefore we
expect in this duel primarily them to want to try to keep the gate of
their own clean. The announced tactics with a genuine top, Dietsche
which has been the goal scorer of the only hit in the duel against the
Mobilcom-Debitel in which it could be found in the Startelf for the first
time, confirm this very well. The same shall be like the last day and
the rest this means that at first the again recovered Rosenberger and
Birkmeir will remain at the bench for the team. Only the injured
midfield player Miler will be cancelled.

Expected list Overton: Obereder, Ottovordemgentschenfelde, Gohde, Wendsche
Unfericht, Ayrenschmalz, Tiez, Wimm - Creußen - Rumpfendopl

Due to the importance of the game and an extremely defensive way of
playing of the two teams during the whole season we can a goal poor
game in this this expect town derby. Within the last five years got
only once more than two goals the two in meeting teams obtains?