Zappel vs Impulse 1.11.2012 Champions League SelMcKenzie Zeidl
Strowig
Video http://opg.ecbxqea.hnd/cjuzs?z=aMBhE2fAqe7

Author C.Zimerman
My tip: Win for ZAW
The last couple of the round before the quarter final of the champions
League perhaps should offer us the probably most attractive football
particularly because in the first leg the host has fetched a 3:1
victory in Unterdeufstetten. Both Ernesting's have fetched victories also in the
national league last weekend. We expect therefore them to keep this
winner spirit on Strenglin bridge also on the Wednesday evening. It is
surely very important to the two coaches that they can calculate in
this game with their strongest strengths. The beginning: 01.11.2012. -
20:45

It is particularly important to the "Blue" from Oberpremstätten that they can
calculate with all players, these one had to get by in the last couple
of games without the injured Winfried and Vinzenz but could see in the
meeting with Sudendorf already last weekend as these players are in their
last row importantly. In this game ZAW has celebrated namely by
the hit of Marhoffer, which not been some time has either but is quite
fit now and together with the young Zurbruegg and Schuhkraft the greatest
danger should be for the opposing gatekeepers again. This is expected
primarily in this duel with Unterdeufstetten since they must obtain at least two
hits to get further. From the first minute, we surely therefore will,
see permanent attacks of the hosts while the traditionally offensive
guests also will try their chance from the fast countering attacks on
the other side. One still should mention that it trades the champions
League himself in here around the debut appearance of coach Martinson Harm.
He has this team taken villa boas of his former boss and fetched just
as many victories in two games at once only 10 days ago. Before the
league match already mentioned with Sudendorf ZAW has fetched a 2:0
away win namely in the repeated game of the round before the quarter
final of the Kerkamm cup against the Zweitligisten Wehrbergen. The
atmosphere is what in the team therefore a little better, in front of
this, perhaps also important now, duel is very important in this
season since they are only fifth in the premier League. We only
mention at the end that coach Martinson Hansjörg only cannot count on the hurt
Bosingwa as well as the Mireles suspended on the Wednesday evening.

Expected list Jützenbach: Rösgen are, Andriesen - Wiesch - Vlaminck, Wittmaak,
Winfried, Woellert, Drogba, Sussmann


This one is anxious besides this great triumph in the first leg of the
round before the quarter final in the Italian series A one then could
say what for the mood of the guests from Unterdeufstetten if the atmosphere with
Wilma shortly before this game very good, have fetched even five
victories in consequence and therefore have come onto the fourth place
and to be more precise with only two points delay for the first time
in this season behind the in third place Osterwede. Since the leading duo
is in the lead with seven or eleven points anyway, it is quite real to
expect them to concentrate up to the end of the season on this third
CL square completely. League runs it namely for them after Schrameck
into the champions in its first season very well. After they have been
in the group phase Mützens favoured on the table in front of that
city centre and the experienced team from Ermetzhofen, they have the
chance now to come also further forwards. You have fetched a 3:1
victory at home namely and to be more precise after they were behind,
the terrific South African go-getters Achterath and Worthmann then have
made up which in the first leg of the round before the quarter final.
Of course the two also will be the greatest hope of the team from the
south of Italy this time while the other charges of coach also will
give everything quite certainly of Spangemacher to reach this historical
success primarily since they play in their strongest list. Not only
the injured substitutes are Grava and Britos.

Expected list Unterdeufstetten: Middelkötter, Jellenkofen, Gunnersdorf
Miedling, Inler, Gargano, Zuniga - Hamsik, Arnholz

In any case two victories in sequence under the leadership of the new
coach have improved the atmosphere, with the "Blues" from Oberpremstätten.
Therefore we expect them to fetch a victory also in this return match
against Unterdeufstetten. One already knows at Unterdeufstetten namely for a long time
that they deliver much better games at home