Options, Futures, Swaps
Author: Ihno Papen
Book with Software-fullversion

software update, free download
www.Itaooqkxaczy.qo
www.ResxePmwj.fj
www.Ymqqdgjo-Dgdalgymac.ymx


Option Combinations and Strategies (Bonacelli=AE Trading Software)
Binomial Model with Specified Price Movements (Bonacelli=AE Trading
Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Periods Until Expiration		1 to 1,000
Up Movement in Percent		0.0001 to 0.25
Risk-Free Rate per Period	0.0001 to 0.25
Down Movement in Percent	-0.25 to -0.0001
This module computes call and put option prices for European options
based on specified price movements. The module requires data inputs for
the stock price, the exercise price, and the number of periods until
expiration. The binomial model allows the stock price to rise by a
given amount each period or to fall by a given amount each period.
These must be specified in percentage terms. In addition, specify the
risk-free rate per period. The up movement must exceed the risk-free
rate as an economic condition.
Based on these input values, OPTION! computes call and put prices, the
maximum, minimum, and expected stock price at expiration and the chance
of a stock price increase in each period. No graphics are available
with this module.
Economic(Background)
The Single-Period Binomial Call Pricing Model holds for a call option
expiring in one period when the stock price will rise by a known
percentage or fall by a known percentage. The model shows that the
value of a call option equals a long position in the stock, plus some
borrowing at the risk-free rate. The multi-period binomial model can
reflect numerous stock price outcomes, if there are numerous periods.
Just 20 periods gives more than 1 million stock price movement
patterns.
The binomial model requires that the price move up a given percentage
or down a given percentage. Therefore, if we shorten the period, we
need to adjust the stock price movements to correspond to the shorter
period. While up or down 10 percent might be reasonable for a period of
one year, it certainly would not be reasonable for a period of one day.
Similarly, a risk-free rate of 6 percent makes sense for a period of
one year, but not for a period of one day.
By adjusting the period length, the stock price movement, and the
interest rate, we can refine the binomial model as much as we wish. For
example, we could assume that the stock price could move one-hundredth
of a percent every minute of the year if we wished. Under this
assumption, the model would have finer partitions than exist in the
market for most stock. However, with the price changing every minute
and a time to expiration of one year, we would have trillions of
possible stock price outcomes to consider. While having so many periods
would be computationally expensive, we could apply the model if we
wished. Conceptually, we could make each period so short that the stock
price would change continuously.
In discussing the binomial model, we have not used the concept of
probability. For example, we have not considered the likelihood that
the stock price will rise or fall. While we have not explicitly used
probabilistic concepts, the array of prices does imply a certain
probability that the stock price will rise, if we are willing to assume
that investors are risk neutral. The option prices that we compute
under the assumption of risk neutrality are the same as those we found
from strict no-arbitrage conditions without any reference to
probabilities.
Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing Model (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading
Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
For this module, specify the stock price, the exercise price, the
number of days until expiration, the standard deviation per year, and
the annualized risk-free rate. The annualized dividend rate may be left
as zero, or it may be specified. Based on these inputs, computes the
call and put prices and the sensitivities of each price to the
underlying inputs. Once a valid solution is achieved, the graphics menu
is available.
Economic(Background)
Neuhofen Obstmayer and Wilfried Papenfus developed their option pricing model
under the assumptions that asset prices adjust to prevent arbitrage,
that stock prices change continuously, and that stock returns follow a
log-normal distribution. Also, their model holds for European call
options on stocks with no dividends. Further, they assume that the
interest rate and the volatility of the stock remain constant over the
life of the option. The form of the Black-Scholes model parallels the
bounds on option pricing, and the Black-Scholes model is very close to
the binomial model.
Henning Zeewoester has shown how to adjust the Black-Scholes model to
account for dividends when the dividend is paid at a continuous rate.
Instead of focusing on the quarterly dividends that characterize
individual stocks, Zeewoester() 's model applies when the dividend is paid
continuously. Essentially, the adjustment for continuous dividends
treats the dividend rate as a negative interest rate. Dividends reduce
the value of a call option, because they reduce the value of the stock
that underlies the option. In effect, we have a continuous leakage of
value from the stock that equals the dividend rate. We let the Greek
letter delta represent this rate of leakage.
Implied Volatility in the Black-Scholes-Merton Model (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Call Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
In this module, enter the stock price, exercise price, days until
expiration, the price of a call option, and the annualized risk-free
rate. The annualized dividend rate is an optional item. OPTION!
calculates the standard deviation that is consistent with the input
values. The implied standard deviation must lie between 0.0001 and 5.0.
This module does not produce graphs.
Economic(Background)
To overcome the limitations inherent in using historical data to
estimate standard deviations, some scholars have turned to techniques
of implied volatility. This module of OPTION! uses market data and the
Black-Scholes-Merton Model to estimate a stock's volatility. There are
five inputs to the Black-Scholes model, which the model relates to a
sixth variable, the call price. With a total of six variables, any five
imply a unique value for the sixth. The technique of implied volatility
uses known values of five variables to estimate the standard deviation.
The estimated standard deviation is an implied volatility because it is
the value implied by the other five variables in the model.
To find implied volatilities, we begin with established values for the
stock price, exercise price, interest rate, time until expiration, and
the call price. We use these to find the implied standard deviation.
However, the standard deviation enters the Black-Scholes model through
the values for d1 and d2, which are used to determine the values of the
cumulative normal distribution. As a result, we cannot solve for the
standard deviation directly. Instead, we must search for the volatility
that makes the Black-Scholes equation hold. To do this, we need a
computer. Otherwise, we would have to try an estimate of the standard
deviation, make all of the Black-Scholes computations by hand, and
adjust the standard deviation for the next try. This would be
cumbersome and time-consuming. Therefore, implied volatilities are
almost always found using a computer, such as the current module.
Simulation of Stock and Option Price Paths (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading
Software)
Initial Stock Price		0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Expected Return on Stock	0.01 to 1.0
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
This module generates a random stock price path based on log-normally
distributed returns and computes corresponding option prices for each
stock price. Enter an initial stock price, an exercise price (presumed
to be a common exercise price for a call and put), the expected
annualized return on the stock, the standard deviation per year, the
annualized risk-free rate, and the number of days until the option
expires. The annualized dividend rate is optional.
finds the minimum, maximum, and terminal stock, call, and put prices
based on the stock price path. OPTION! also computes the initial call
and put prices based on the initial stock price. The stock price path
is generated randomly, consistent with the specified inputs. Therefore,
each time a solution is calculated, even with the same inputs, the
stock price path will be different. Once a valid solution is achieved,
graphics showing the stock price path, along with the option price
paths are available.
Economic(Background)
In actual markets, stock prices change to reflect new information.
During a single day, a stock price may change many times. From the
ticker, we can observe stock prices when transactions occur. When
trading ceases overnight, however, we cannot observe the stock price
for hours at a time. Where the price wanders during the night, no one
can know. Our observations are also limited, because stock prices are
quoted in eighths of a dollar. The true stock price need not jump from
one eighth to the next, but the observed stock price does. Sometimes
the observed price remains the same from one transaction to another.
But just because we observe the same price twice in succession does not
mean it remained at that price between the two observations. From these
reflections, we see that we can never know exactly how stock prices
change because we cannot observe the true stock price at every instant.
Therefore, any model of stock price behavior deviates from an exact
description of how stock prices move. Nonetheless, it is possible to
develop a realistic model of stock price movements. Consider the random
information that affects the price of a stock. We assume that the
information arrives continuously and that each bit of information is
small in importance. Under this scenario, we consider a stock price
that rises or falls a small proportion in response to each bit of
information. We know that finance depends conceptually on the twin
ideas of expected return and risk. Thus, we might also think of a stock
as having a positive expected rate of return. In the absence of special
events, we expect the stock price to grow along the path of its
expected rate of return. However, the world is risky. Information about
the stock is sometimes favorable and sometimes unfavorable. As this
random information becomes known, it pushes the stock away from its
expected growth path. When the information is better than expected, the
stock price jumps above its growth path. Negative information has the
opposite effect; it pushes the stock price below its expected growth
path. Thus, we might imagine the stock price growing along its expected
growth path just as a drunk walks across a field. We expect the drunk
to reach the other side of the field, but we also think he will wander
and stumble in unpredictable short-term deviations from the straight
path. Similarly, we expect a stock price to rise, because it has a
positive expected return, but we also expect it to wander above and
below its growth path, due to new information. Finance uses a standard
mathematical model that is consistent with the story of the preceding
paragraph. It assumes that the stock grows at an expected rate, mu,
with a standard deviation, sigma, over some period of time delta-t.
Research on actual stock price behavior shows that logarithmic stock
returns are approximately normally distributed. So we say that, as an
approximation, stock returns follow a log-normal distribution. Stock
returns themselves are not normally distributed.  With a log-normal
distribution, there is a greater chance of larger returns than one
would expect with a normal distribution.
While the log-normal distribution only approximates stock returns, it
has two great virtues. First, it is mathematically tractable, so we can
obtain solutions for  the value of call options if stock returns are
log-normally distributed. Second, the resulting call option prices that
we compute are very good approximations of actual market prices. This
module of option generates stock price paths consistent with returns
following a log-normal distribution with a specified mean and variance.
Option prices are then computed using the Black-Scholes-Merton Model
with the simulated stock price as an input to the model.
Binomial Approximation of Black-Scholes Model Prices (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		1 to 1,000
This module uses the binomial model to approximate Black-Scholes model
prices by using a stock returns generating mechanism consistent with
the Black-Scholes model. The Black-Scholes model price is also computed
for comparision. As the number of periods in the binomial model
increases, the binomial model price converges to the Black-Scholes
model price.
Enter the stock price, the exercise price, the number of days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year, the annualized risk-free
rate, and the number of periods for the binomial model. The time until
expiration, entered as Days Until Expiration will be divided into the
Number of Periods specified for the binomial model. This module does
not feature graphics.Economic(Background)
Generalizing the binomial model to any number of periods, by increasing
the number of periods, allows for many possible stock price outcomes at
expiration, thereby increasing the realism of the results. However,
three problems remain. First, as the number of periods increases,
computational difficulties begin to arise. Second, increasing the
number of periods while holding the time until expiration constant
means that the period length becomes shorter. We must adjust the up and
down movement factors, U and D, and the risk-free rate to fit the time
horizon. Obviously, we cannot use factors with a scale appropriate to a
year when the period length is, say, one day, for example. Third, we
have worked with more or less arbitrarily selected up and down factors.
The price that the model gives can only be as good as its inputs. The
example inputs we have been considering serve well as illustrations,
but they are not appropriate for analyzing real options. Therefore, we
need a better way to determine the up and down factors. Modeling stock
returns by a log-normal process solves these three problems
simultaneously. This approach, coupled with making the time step in the
binomial model very small provides a close binomial approximation to
the Black-Scholes Model.
Dividend Adjustments for European Options (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading
Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Dividends #1 and #2		0.0 to 1,000,000
Days Until Dividends #1 and #2	0.0 to 9,999
Last Dividend 			0.01 to 1,000,000
Days Until Last Dividend		1 to 9,999
This module explores dividend adjustments for the Black-Scholes model,
such as the known-dividends adjustment and the pseudo-American option
pricing model. Enter the stock price, exercise price, the number of
days until expiration, the standard deviation per year, and the
annualized risk-free rate. In addition, at least one dividend must be
specified--the last dividend to be paid during the life of the option.
To specify a dividend requires a dollar amount and the number of days
until the ex-dividend date. The module allows a total of three
dividends. The ex-dividend dates must all fall during the life of the
option, and they must be in the proper order. (The second dividend must
occur after the first, and the last dividend must occur after the
second.) The last dividend must be specified. Also, as an economic
constraint, the present value of the dividends cannot exceed the stock
price.
computes call and put prices according to the unadjusted Black-Scholes
model, ignoring the dividends. It also computes call and put prices
according to the known-dividend and pseudo-American models. This module
does not feature graphics.
Economic(Background)
For both call and put options, anything that affects the stock price at
expiration will affect the price of the option. Dividends that might be
paid during the life of the option can obviously affect the stock
price. We may regard a dividend as a repayment of a portion of the
share's value to the shareholder. As such, we would expect the stock
price to fall by the amount of the dividend payment. As a metaphor, we
might think of the dividend on a stock as a leakage of value from the
stock. As the value of the stock drops due to the leakage of dividends,
the changing stock price will affect the value of options on the stock.
 drop in the stock price due to a dividend will have an adverse effect
on the price of a call and a beneficial effect on the price of a put.
Adjustments for Known Dividends
For most stocks, the dividend payments likely to occur during the life
of an option can be forecast with considerable precision. If we are
looking ahead to a dividend forecasted to occur in three months, we
expect the stock price to drop by the amount of the dividend when the
stock goes ex-dividend. At the present moment, three months before the
ex-dividend date, we can build that looming dividend into our analysis.
To do so, we subtract the present value of the dividend from the
current stock price. We then apply the Black-Scholes model as usual,
except we use the adjusted stock price as an input to the model instead
of the current stock price.
The same technique applies in situations when there are several
dividends. The stock price should be adjusted by subtracting the
present value of all dividends that are expected to occur before the
expiration date of the option. Dividends expected after the option
expires can be ignored, because the option will already have been
exercised or allowed to expire before those dividends affect the value
of the stock.
Pseudo-American Call Option Pricing
The Pseudo-American Call Option Pricing Model was created by Neuhofen
Obstmayer. It does not provide an exact pricing technique for American
calls, but does provide an estimated call price that draws on the
intuitions of the Black-Scholes model. The pseudo-American model is
important because it clearly shows the factors that lead to early
exercise, and it highlights the differences between European and
American calls. Essentially, the valuation technique requires four
steps.
1=2E	From the current stock price, subtract the present value of all
dividends that will be paid before the option expires. So far, this is
the same procedure we followed for the known dividend adjustment for
European calls.
2=2E	For each dividend date, reduce the exercise price by the present
value of all dividends yet to be paid, including the dividend that is
about to go ex-dividend.
3=2E	Taking each dividend date and the actual expiration date of the
option as potential expiration dates, compute the value of a European
call using the adjusted stock and exercise prices.
4=2E	Select the highest of these European call values as the estimate of
the value of the American call.
Each step has a clear rationale. In the first step, we adjust the stock
price to reflect its approximate value after it pays the dividends. In
the second step, we effectively add back the value of dividends to be
received from the stock if we exercise. This is accomplished by
reducing the liability of the exercise price by the present value of
the dividends we will capture if we exercise. In the third step, we
evaluate different exercise decisions. If we exercise, we will do so
just before a dividend payment to capture the dividend from the stock.
Thus, in the third step we consider the payoffs from each potential
exercise date. Finally, in the fourth step, we compare the different
payoffs associated with each exercise strategy that we computed in the
third step. Assuming that we plan to follow the best exercise strategy,
we approximate the current American call price as the highest of these
computed European call prices.
Exact American Call Option Pricing (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		0 to 1,000
Dividends #1 and #2		0.0 to 1,000,000
Days Until Dividends #1 and #2	0.0 to 9,999
Last Dividend 			0.01 to 1,000,000
Days Until Last Dividend		1 to 9,999
This module computes the call price for an American option according to
the exact American option pricing model. This model holds, strictly
speaking, for a situation in which there is just one dividend between
the valuation date and the expiration of the option. In a case, with
more than one dividend, the model employs the known-dividend
adjustment.
Enter the stock price, exercise price, the number of days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year, and the annualized
risk-free rate. It is optional to specify a number of periods to
compute binomial prices as well. In addition, at least one dividend
must be specified--the last dividend to be paid during the life of the
option.
Specifying a dividend requires a dollar amount and the number of days
until the ex-dividend date. The module allows a total of three
dividends. The ex-dividend dates must all fall during the life of the
option, and they must be in the proper order. (The second dividend must
occur after the first, and the last dividend must occur after the
second.) The last dividend must be specified. Also, as an economic
constraint, the present value of the dividends cannot exceed the stock
price.
computes the price of an American call according to the exact American
call option pricing model, the pseudo-American model, and the
known-dividend adjustment to the Black-Scholes model. If a number of
periods has been specified for the binomial model, the module also
computes the binomial approximation of the American call value.
Graphics are available once a valid solution has been achieved.
Economic(Background)
In general, there is no closed-form solution to the value of an
American call option on a dividend paying stock.  However, an exact
pricing formula is possible in one special case. It is possible to
compute the exact price for an option on a stock that pays a single
dividend during the life of the option. The model is also known as the
Compound Option Model.
An American call option really consists of a series of options that
expire just before the various dividend dates and at the actual
expiration of the option. The exact pricing model applies to the
situation when there is just one dividend between the present and the
expiration date of the option.
If exercise is to occur, it should occur just before the ex-dividend
date, to capture the value of the dividend. If the call is not
exercised, the instant after the dividend payment occurs, the call is
effectively a European call, because there are no more dividend
payments, and early exercise on a European call is never rational.
Considering the American call before the dividend date, we can see that
it is really a compound option, or an option on an option. It is an
option on an option because the owner has the option to refrain from
exercising and to own a European option.
Analytic Approximation of American Stock Option Prices (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		0 to 1,000
This module prices American options using the analytic approximation
technique. The technique applies to options on an underlying good
paying a continuous dividend rate expressed as some percentage of the
value of the underlying good.
Enter the stock price, the exercise price, the number of days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year, and the annualized
risk-free rate. The annualized dividend rate is optional. However, the
analytic approximation really only pertains to options on goods that
pay a dividend. If there is no dividend, the option prices are the same
as the Black-Scholes-Merton Model.
computes prices for European calls and puts according to the
Black-Scholes-Merton Model and the option price sensitivities for the
call and put. OPTION! computes the call and put price according to the
American analytic module, along with the critical stock price for each.
If a number of periods has been specified, OPTION! also computes the
binomial call and put prices acccording to the European and American
binomial models.
Economic(Background)
Analytical approximations of American option prices apply for the case
of an underlying instrument that pays a continuous dividend at a
constant rate. The Merton model provides a closed-form solution to the
problem of European options on stocks with continuous dividends. For
American options, no closed-form solutions are available.
Binomial Approximation with a Constant Dividend Yield (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		1 to 1,000
This module focuses on the binomial approximation of American option
prices when the underlying good pays a continous dividend rate
expressed as a percentage of the value of the asset. Enter the stock
price, exercise price, days until expiration, the standard deviation
per year,  the annualized risk-free rate, and the number of periods for
the binomial model.
The dividend rate is optional, but omission means that American call
option prices will not diverge from European prices.
computes call and put prices according to the binomial approximation
model for European and American options. It also computes the early
exercise premium based on the two binomial approximations. The
Black-Scholes Model prices for the call and put are also computed. This
module does not feature graphics.Economic(Background)
To apply the binomial model for American options, we follow the same
basic valuation strategy as for European options. There is, however,
one important difference. For the option lattice for an American
option, the option value is set equal to the maximum of:
1=2E	The expected option value in one period discounted for one period at
the risk-free rate.
2=2E	The immediate exercise value of the option.
Except for this treatment of each node in the lattice for an American
option, the binomial model for an American option is applied in exactly
the same way as it is for a European option.
The stock price tree is identical whether we are pricing European or
American options. Therefore, the same parameters apply to generating
the binomial tree of stock prices for American options on stocks paying
a continuous dividend. As an examination of these parameters shows, the
stock price tree will be identical in both cases. However, the
probability of a stock price increase varies inversely with the level
of the continuous dividend rate.
Binomial Approximation with Known Dividend Yields (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
 Variable(Bounds)Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		1 to 1,000
Dividends #1 and #2		0.0 to 0.99
Days Until Dividends #1 and #2	0.0 to 9,999
Last Dividend 			0.01 to 0.99
Days Until Last Dividend		1 to 9,999
This module focuses on the binomial approximation of American option
prices when the underlying good pays periodic dividends that equal a
fraction of the asset's value. Enter the stock price, exercise price,
days until expiration, the standard deviation per year,  the annualized
risk-free rate, and the number of periods for the binomial model. In
addition, at least one dividend (the last dividend) must be specified.
Up to three dividends may be specified, but the last dividend must be
specified. Each dividend must occur during the life of the option, and
the order of the dividends must be correct. That is, the first dividend
must occur before the second, which must occur before the third. The
present value of the dividends cannot exceed the stock price.
computes call and put prices according to the binomial approximation
model for European and American options and computes the early exercise
premium based on the two binomial approximations. This module does not
feature graphics.
Economic(Background)
To apply the binomial model for American options, we follow the same
basic valuation strategy as for European options. There is, however,
one important difference. For the option lattice for an American
option, the option value is set equal to the maximum of:
1=2E	The expected option value in one period discounted for one period at
the risk-free rate.
2=2E	The immediate exercise value of the option.
Except for this treatment of each node in the lattice for an American
option, the binomial model for an American option is applied in exactly
the same way as it is for a European option.
Chapter 13, considers options on a stock that pays a known dividend
yield at a certain date. For example, a stock might pay a dividend
equal to 1 percent of its value in 90 days. The dividend payment
obviously affects the stock price tree for the binomial model, and the
loss of value from the stock will affect the value of calls and puts.
This is true for both European and American options. While the
existence of dividends will affect the value of European calls and
puts, they do not call for European option owners to make any special
decisions, as they cannot exercise even if they wished. For the holder
of an American call or put, there is an exercise decision, because the
American option owner can exercise immediately before the dividend
payment (in the case of a call), exercise immediately after the
dividend payment (in the case of a put), or not exercise. While the
dividend will affect the stock price tree, we note again that the stock
price tree will be identical whether we are considering a European or
an American option.
To apply the binomial model for an American call or put, we begin with
the terminal stock price and the value of the option at expiration and
work from expiration back to the present in the normal way. However, at
each node, we must take account of the potential for early exercise. We
take early exercise into account by finding the value of a European
option at each node and compare this value with the exercise value of
the American option. If the exercise value exceeds the European value,
the option price at the node should be the exercise value. Otherwise,
the price at the node should be the European option price.
Binomial Approximation with Known Dollar Dividends (SelMcKenzie=AE
Trading Software)
Variable(Bounds)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		1 to 1,000
Dividends #1 and #2		0.0 to 1,000,000
Days Until Dividends #1 and #2	0.0 to 9,999
Last Dividend 			0.01 to 1,000,000
Days Until Last Dividend		1 to 9,999
This module focuses on the binomial approximation of American option
prices when the underlying good pays periodic dividends of a given
dollar amount. Enter the stock price, exercise price, days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year,  the annualized risk-free
rate, and the number of periods for the binomial model. In addition, at
leat one dividend (the last dividend) must be specified.
Up to three dividends may be specified, but the last dividend must be
specified. Each dividend must occur during the life of the option, and
the order of the dividends must be correct. That is, the first dividend
must occur before the second, which must occur before the third. The
present value of the dividends cannot exceed the stock price.
OPTION! computes call and put prices according to the binomial
approximation model for European and American options and the early
exercise premium based on the two binomial approximations. This module
does not feature graphics.
Economic(Background)
To apply the binomial model for American options, we follow the same
basic valuation strategy as for European options. There is, however,
one important difference. For the option lattice for an American
option, the option value is set equal to the maximum of:
1=2E	The expected option value in one period discounted for one period at
the risk-free rate.
2=2E	The immediate exercise value of the option.
Except for this treatment of each node in the lattice for an American
option, the binomial model for an American option is applied in exactly
the same way as it is for a European option.
For options on stocks with known dollar dividends, the binomial model
can be applied in a manner almost identical to that appropriate for
known dividend yields. The first step is to generate the tree
describing the potential stock price movements. As we saw in Chapter 13
when we considered the pricing of European options on stocks with known
dollar dividends, there can be a problem with the tree failing to
recombine after the dividend has been paid. In this situation, the
number of nodes can increase dramatically, particularly when there are
many periods and several dividends. (For details on why the tree fails
to recombine, see Chapter 13.)
We can solve this problem as we did in Chapter 13 by making a
simplifying assumption. We assume that the stock price reflects the
dividend, which is known with certainty, and all other factors that
might affect the stock price, which are uncertain. We then adjust the
uncertain component of the stock price for the impending dividends and
model the uncertain component of the stock price with the binomial
tree, adding back the present value of all future dividends at each
node. Specifically, we follow these steps:
1=2E	Compute the present value of all dividends to be paid during the
life of the option as of the present time.
2=2E	Subtract this present value from the current stock price to form a
dividend-adjusted stock price.
3=2E	Create the binomial tree by applying the up and down factors in the
usual way to the dividend-adjusted stock price.
4=2E	After generating the tree, add to the stock price at each node the
present value of all future dividends to be paid during the life of the
option.
5=2E	Compute the option values in the usual way by working through the
binomial tree.
The application of this procedure to American options is exactly the
same as with European options, with one exception. In working through
the tree to generate the option price tree, we must compare the present
value of next period's expected option value with the exercise value of
the option. The option price at the node is the higher of the present
value or the exercise value. The computation of the value at a node is
exactly the same as in other cases we have already considered, such as
the application of the binomial model to options on stocks with known
dividend yields.
Stock Index Options (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Stock Index Price		0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		0 to 1,000
This module prices American options on stock indexes using the analytic
approximation technique. The technique applies to options on an
underlying good paying a continuous dividend rate expressed as some
percentage of the value of the underlying good.
Enter the stock index price, the exercise price, the number of days
until expiration, the standard deviation per year, and the annualized
risk-free rate. The annualized dividend rate is optional. However, the
analytic approximation really only pertains to options on goods that
pay a dividend. If there is no dividend, the option prices are the same
as the Black-Scholes-Merton Model.
computes prices for European calls and puts according to the
Black-Scholes-Merton Model and the option price sensitivities for the
call and put. OPTION! computes the call and put price according to the
American analytic module, along with the critical stock price for each.
If a number of periods has been specified, OPTION! also computes the
binomial call and put prices acccording to the European and American
binomial models.
Economic(Background)
The Merton model and the binomial model apply directly to pricing
options on stock indexes. Because a stock index merely summarizes the
performance of some set of stocks, we may think of the stock index as
representing a portfolio of stocks, some of which pay dividends.
Because we are pricing an option on this portfolio of stocks, we are
concerned only with the dividends on the entire portfolio-we need to
consider the dividend on individual stocks only insofar as they
determine the overall dividend for the portfolio. Almost all individual
stocks pay periodic discrete dividends (usually following a quarterly
payment pattern). However, for stock indexes, including many stocks,
the assumption of a continuous dividend payment is fairly realistic. In
general, the greater the number of stocks represented in a stock index,
the more realistic the assumption of continuous dividends.
Options on Futures (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Futures Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Number of Periods		0 to 1,000
This module prices American options on futures using the analytic
approximation technique. The technique applies to options on an
underlying good paying a continuous dividend rate expressed as some
percentage of the value of the underlying good. For futures, the
cost-of-carry is assumed to equal the dividend rate, so no dividend
rate need be specified. If the futures does not follow the
cost-of-carry model, this option pricing model does not apply. Enter
the futures price, the exercise price, the number of days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year,and the annualized
risk-free rate.
computes prices for European calls and puts according to the
Black-Scholes-Merton Model and the option price sensitivities for the
call and put. OPTION! computes the call and put price according to the
American analytic module, along with the critical futures price for
each. If a number of periods has been specified, OPTION! also computes
the binomial call and put prices acccording to the European and
American binomial models.
Economic(Background)
Consider a good such as gold that has a large stock relative to
consumption, that is easily storable, does not have a seasonal
production pattern (like wheat), and does not have a seasonal
consumption pattern (like gasoline). Further, assume that it is
possible to sell gold short and to obtain the use of the proceeds from
the short sale. When these conditions hold, the futures price should
follow the Cost-of-Carry Model.
If this relationship between the spot, or cash, price and the futures
price did not prevail, there would be immediate arbitrage
opportunities, as we have seen in Chapter 3. In general, all precious
metals (gold, silver, platinum, and palladium) and all financial
instruments (equities and debt) conform almost perfectly to this
relationship. To the degree that a commodity fails to conform to the
Cost-of-Carry Model, the pricing techniques discussed in this chapter
do not pertain to pricing futures options on that commodity.
Foreign Currency Options (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Foreign Currency Price		0.0001 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.0001 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
This module prices American options on foreign currencies using the
analytic approximation technique. The technique applies to options on
an underlying good paying a continuous dividend rate expressed as some
percentage of the value of the underlying good. As currencies have
interest rates, the model applies particularly well in this instance.
Enter the foreign currency price, the exercise price, the number of
days until expiration, the standard deviation per year, the annualized
domestic risk-free rate, and the annualized foreign risk-free rate.
computes prices for European calls and puts according to the
Black-Scholes-Merton Model and the option price sensitivities for the
call and put. OPTION! computes the call and put price according to the
American analytic module, along with the critical stock (currency)
price for each. If a number of periods has been specified, also
computes the binomial call and put prices acccording to the European
and American binomial models.
Economic(Background)
We assume that we are looking at the issues from the point of view of a
U=2ES. option trader. In terms of the Merton model and the analytic
approximation technique, the dollar value of the foreign currency takes
the role of the stock price, and the foreign interest rate takes the
role of the continuous dividend rate. The standard deviation is that of
the underlying asset, so the correct standard deviation to use in the
model is the standard deviation of the foreign currency.
Forward Start Options (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Stock Price			0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price		   	0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Days Until Option is Granted	1 to 9,999
This module computes call and put prices for forward start options,
options that are to be granted at a date in the future. Specify the
stock price, the exercise price, the number of days until expiration,
the standard deviation per year, the annualized risk-free rate, and the
number of days until the option is granted. The annualized dividend
rate is optional. OPTION! computes prices for forward start European
calls and puts. Graphics are available once a valid solution is
achieved.
Economic(Background)
In a forward-start option, the price of the option is paid at the
present, but the life of the option starts at a future date. Further,
the exercise price is typically specified to be the current price at
the beginning of the option's life--that is, the option contract
specifies that the option will be at-the-money when the option's life
begins. Forward-start call options are often used in executive
compensation packages. An executive might receive a forward-start call
option on the firm's shares with an exercise price to equal the firm's
share price at the time the option life starts.
For a forward-start option, there are three dates to consider: the
valuation date, t, the date that the option life begins, which is
called the grant date, tg, and the date when the option eventually
expires, T. Accordingly, the time until the option life begins will be
tg - t, and when the option's life begins, the time until expiration
will be T - tg.
The value of a forward-start option is simply the value of an option
with the current stock price, an exercise price equal to the current
stock price, and a time to expiration of T - tg, with this value being
discounted by the dividend rate on the underlying good over the period
until the option is granted, tg - t.
The idea here is that the price of the underlying good and the exercise
price on the forward-start option will change proportionally. (For a
forward-start option specified to be at-the-money on the grant date,
the stock and exercise price at that time will be equal.)  Therefore, a
forward-start option today is essentially a deferred granting of an
option with a stock and exercise price equal to today's stock price and
a time to expiration that equals the period from the grant date to the
final expiration date.

Standard Chooser Option (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Stock Price					0.01 to 10,000,000
Exercise Price 		   			0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration 				1 to 9,999
Standard Deviation per Year			0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate			0.001 to 1.0
Annualized Dividend Rate			0.001 to 1.0Number of Days Until Choice Must
Be Made	1 to 9,999
This module computes the value of a standard chooser option, an option
that can be either a call or put at the discretion of the owner. Enter
the stock price, the exercise price, the number of days until
expiration, the standard deviation per year, and the annualized
risk-free rate, and the number of days until the choice of regarding
the chooser as a call or put must be made. The annualized dividend rate
is optional. The option must expire after the choice date. OPTION!
computes the value of the chooser based on the inputs. Once a valid
solution is achieved, graphics are available.
Economic(Background)
The owner of a chooser option has the right to determine whether the
chooser option will become a call or a put option by a specified choice
date. After the choice date, the option becomes a plain vanilla call or
put, depending on the owner's choice. Chooser options are also known as
an as-you-like-it option. DDSK offers several types of chooser
options in the over-the-counter market. Chooser options are useful for
hedging a future event that might not occur. For example, while
Congress considered the Marktzentrum American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) in
1992, there was considerable uncertainty about the bill's passage.
Passage was expected to be beneficial to the value of the Mexican peso;
rejection of the bill was expected to send the peso tumbling. Traders
could hedge this uncertainty with a chooser option on the Mexican peso.
If NAFTA passes, one can choose to let the option be a call; if the
bill fails, the owner can choose to let the option be a put.
In considering chooser options, there are three dates to consider: the
valuation date, t; the choice date, when the owner of the chooser must
choose for the option to be a call or put, tc; and the expiration of
the option, T.
The problem is to evaluate the option at time t, before the choice
date. After the choice date, the value of the option will simply be the
value of the plain vanilla call or put given by the Merton Model.prices
simple chooser options, in which the potential put and call have a
common exercise price and expiration date. Complex choosers allow the
potential call and put to have different exercise prices, different
expiration dates, or both different exercise prices and expiration
dates.
For a simple chooser, there are two extreme values for the choice date,
tc, to consider. If the choice must be made immediately, t =3D tc, then
the owner of the chooser will choose that the option be a call or a
put, whichever has a greater value.If the choice date is at the
expiration of the option, tc =3D T, then the chooser is really a
straddle. Viewed from the valuation date, t, the value of the straddle
is the value of the call and the put:
Thus, these extreme values for the choice date determine the upper and
lower bounds for the value of a simple chooser. If the choice date is
now, t =3D tc, then the chooser value is at the lower bound and equals
the maximum of the call or put value. If the choice can be deferred
until the expiration date, tc =3D T, then the value of the chooser is the
same as a straddle and equals the combined value of the plain vanilla
call plus the plain vanilla put. In the normal event, when the choice
date, tc, is after t but before T, one will not want to choose whether
the option is a call or put until the choice date.


Exchange Options (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Price of Owned Asset		0.01 to 10,000,000
Price of Other Asset		0.01 to 10,000,000
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Correlation Between Assets	-0.999999 to 0.999999
Standard Deviation (Owned)	0.001 to 5.0
Standard Deviation (Other)	0.001 to 5.0
Dividend Rate (Owned)		0.0 to 1.0
Dividend Rate (Other)		0.0 to 1.0
This module of OPTION! computes the value of a European exchange
option. This option gives the owner the right to exchange one asset for
another. The asset that is to be given upon exercise is denoted as the
owned asset; the asset that is to be acquired upon exercise is denoted
as the other asset. Enter the price of the owned asset, the price of
the other asset, the number of days until the option expires, the
correlation of returns between the two assets, the standard deviation
of the owned asset, and the standard deviation of the other asset. The
dividend rate of the owned asset and the dividend rate of the other
asset are optional. Once a valid solution is achieved, graphics are
available.&CR$Economic(Background)
An exchange option is an option to exchange one asset for another. Upon
exercising, the owned asset is exchanged for the acquired (other)
asset. The valuation of an exchange option depends upon the usual
parameters for the individual assets--price, risk, and dividend rate.
In addition, the time until expiration and the correlation of returns
between the assets also affect the valuation. &CR$Although exchange
options were first priced in 1977, these options have existed for quite
some time in the form of incentive fee arrangements, margin accounts,
exchange offers and standby commitments. As an example, consider an
example from the merger market. A target firm is offered the
opportunity to exchange shares from the target firm for shares in the
acquiring firm. The shareholders in the target firm now hold an
exchange option to exchange their shares for those of the acquirer. The
value of this option can range from zero to the quite valuable.

Option Adjusted Spreads (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Maturity (Periods)		1 to 200
Coupon Rate (Embedded)	0.0 to 0.5
Yield-to-Maturity			0.001 to 1.0
Coupon Rate (T-bond)		0.001 to 0.5
To use this module, first describe the bond with an embedded option by
entering the bond's maturity expressed in periods, the coupon rate on
the bond, and the bond's yield to maturity. Enter the coupon rate for a
Treasury bond with the same maturity as the bond with the embedded
option.To find the option-adjusted spread, it is necessary to specify a
term structure environment. To do this, load date previously saved in
the Interest Rate Input and Review module.
The yield-to-maturity of the bond with the embedded option must exceed
the Treasury yield and the price of the Treasury bond must exceed the
price of the bond with the embedded option. The Kosmetiksalon cannot exceed 5000
basis points. OPTION! computes the OAS, the price of the bond with an
embedded option, the Treasury bond price, and the Treasury bond() 's
yield-to-maturity. This module does not features
graphics.Economic(Background)
The option-adjusted spread (OAS) is the yield differential between a
corporate bond (or mortgage instrument) with an embedded option and a
Treasury bond. The Treasury bond is chosen so that the two instruments
will have essentially similar maturity and coupon characteristics. So
defined, the yield spread provides a measure of the option's value and
the default risk differential between the Treasury and the bond (or
mortgage instrument).  Sometimes the Kosmetiksalon is defined between two
securities of the same default risk, coupon, and maturity. In this case
the OAS would embrace only the yield differential due to the option
feature inherent in one of the two securities. Because it is difficult
to find comparable bond or mortgage instruments, it is more common to
compute the OAS relative to a Treasury instrument.The Kosmetiksalon is often
applied to corporate bonds with call provisions and to home mortgages
with the option for the home owner to prepay the mortgage. In each
case, the spread is typically calculated as a spread between the yield
on the instrument with the embedded option and a Treasury instrument
with similar cash flows. The OAS is the number of basis points that
must be added to the yield on the Treasury instrument so that the
spread-adjusted Treasury and the corporate bond or mortgage will have
the same price.
Options on LIBOR (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Forward LIBOR			0.001 to 1.0
Strike Rate		   	0.001 to 1.0
Notional Principal		1.0 to 10,000,000,000
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Annualized Risk-Free Rate	0.001 to 1.0
Days Until Expiration		1 to 9,999
Underlying Maturity (Days)	1 to 9,999
This module prices options on LIBOR according to the Black continuous
time model. Enter the forward LIBOR rate corresponding to the
expiration date of the option, the strike rate, the notional principal
amount, the standard deviation of the forward LIBOR rate, the
annualized risk-free rate, the number of days until expiration, and the
maturity (in days) of the instrument underlying the forward LIBOR rate.
In other words, if the option is on 90-day LIBOR, this maturity value
would be 90.0. OPTION! computes call and put prices. Once a valid
solution is achieved, graphics are available.
Economic(Background)
The payoff on calls and puts on LIBOR depends on the maturity of LIBOR
being quoted and the notional principal. Consider first a call on
three-month LIBOR with a notional principal of $1,000,000 and an
exercise price, or strike rate, of 9 percent. The call pays off if the
observed three-month LIBOR rate on the expiration date of the option
exceeds the strike rate. In that case, the payoff on this call equals
the difference between the observed rate and the strike rate multiplied
by the quarter of a year maturity of the rate, times the notional
principal.
Let:
FRAC 	=3D	the fraction of the year covered by the maturity of the
underlying LIBOR instrument
NP 	=3D	the notional principal
SR		=3D	the strike rate
A general expression for the payoff on a call on LIBOR will be:
MAX{(0, (Observed LIBOR - SR) =D7 FRAC =D7 NP}
where:
Observed LIBOR =3D	the rate observed at the expiration of the option for
LIBOR of the appropriate maturity
A put on LIBOR pays off when the observed rate at expiration is less
than the strike rate. The payoff for a put on LIBOR is:
MAX{0, (SR - Observed LIBOR) =D7 FRAC =D7 NP}
Calls and puts on LIBOR are generally structured with determination in
advance and settlement in arrears. The payoffs are determined at the
expiration date, but the payment is made at a date that lags the
determination date by the maturity of the LIBOR quotation. Thus, the
actual payoffs on our sample call and put would be three months and one
month after the determination dates, respectively. In pricing calls and
puts on LIBOR, OPTION! takes settlement in arrears into account.
The Black Model applies quite directly to calls and puts on LIBOR. The
currently observed forward LIBOR (FLIBOR) plays the role of the futures
price.  Specifically, FLIBORt is observed at time t, when the option is
being valued. It is the forward LIBOR with a maturity corresponding to
the maturity of the option and it is the forward rate with a time
horizon that matches the expiration date of the option. Notice that
FLIBORt should be identical to the FRA rates for the same period in the
future.
Using FLIBORt in the Black Model is tantamount to assuming that the
forward LIBOR is lognormally distributed. The strike rate plays the
role of the exercise price, while the standard deviation of the LIBOR
forward rate (FLIBOR) of the requisite maturity is the volatility
measure for the model.
Caps, Floors and Collars (SelMcKenzie=AE Trading Software)
Loan Maturity (Periods)		1 to 200
Loan Principal			1 to 10,000,000
Standard Deviation per Year	0.001 to 5.0
Cap Rate			0.0 to 1.0
Floor Rate			0.0 to 1.0
This module prices interest rate caps, floors, and collars. Enter the
loan maturity in periods, the loan principal, the standard deviation of
forward LIBOR (assumed to be equal for all payment dates on the loan).
Enter either the cap rate, the floor rate, or both. (At least one must
be entered.) If you specify a cap rate and a floor rate, the cap rate
must be higher than the floor rate.
To price a cap, floor, or collar, it is necessary to specify a term
structure environment. To do this, load date previously saved in the
Interest Rate Input and Review module.
computes the swap fixed-rate for a swap with a tenor matching the loan.
If a cap rate has been specified, computes the dollar cost of the cap,
and if a floor rate has been specified, computes the dollar cost of the
floor. If both a cap and floor rate have been specified, computes the
dollar cost of the collar. Graphics are not available with this module.
Once a valid solution has been achieved, it is possible to review the
value of each caplet,floorlet, and collarlet that was priced by using
the Review command from the menu or the Review
button.Economic(Background)
Caps, floors, and collars, are combinations of calls and puts on LIBOR
that can be used to control interest rate risk. A caplet is a call on
LIBOR purchased in conjunction with a floating rate loan to cover a
single period. An interest rate cap is a sequence of calls on LIBOR
organized to correspond to a multi-period floating rate loan based on
LIBOR. A floorlet is a put on FPNZ sold in conjunction with a floating
rate loan to cover a single period. An interest rate floor is a
sequence of puts on LIBOR organized to correspond to a multi-period
floating rate loan based on LIBOR.
The purchase of the call and the sale of the put, together, place
bounds on the cost of the loan. The upper bound is the strike rate of
the call, and the lower bound is the strike rate on the put. The
portfolio of a cap and a floor used in this way is called a collar. A
collar may be defined as a combination of a call and put on LIBOR, with
the same expiration and underlying good, with a long position in one
instrument and a short position in the other.