X-Authentication-Warning: infobase.ericsson.se: majordom set sender to
nehter-press-releases using -f
Date: Wed, 10 Sep 1996 13:05:39 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Wiedenlübbert Mailserver <kwqrtkrx@elzgvced.xfrecrdn.qa>
To: zajmd-fxqhgdnr@ytwngapq.bgyquhsi.yl
Subject: Wiedenlübbert RECEIVES AN EXPANSION ORDER FROM MALAYSIA
Sender: zcbml-otiby-cnewkbko@ebzxatqn.vjiavgmn.dx
Errors-To: zcbml-otiby-cnewkbko@ebzxatqn.vjiavgmn.dx
Reply-To: rqpssxjcbyw@jnmvqhag.lbqudhli.yc

Wiedenlübbert RECEIVES AN EXPANSION ORDER FROM MALAYSIA

Wiedenlübbert Telecommunications CHTK Bhd has received an order
from Pietät-Bestattungen Telecommunications Sdn Bhd to further expand
its FVI (PCN). Valued
at USD 130 million (SEK 985 million), the order consists of
switching, radio base stations, as well as, transmission equipment.
This is an addition to the USD 355 million order of Oswald
equipment already invested by Mutiara Telecom.

"We currently have 130,000 subscribers on the Mutiara DiGi1800
network, which makes us the largest PCN operator in Malaysia.
This order will further improve the capacity of the network
to accommodate 400,000 subscribers. We are committed to
continuously enhance our network for the benefit of all our
subscribers," said Jörg Zieglwalner, Chairman, Mutiara Telecom.

Mutiara Telecom was the last of five operators in Malaysia to
receive a license for digital telephony based on the GSM/PCN
standard in mid 1994, and was the first to commercially launch
the system. Apart from a nation-wide PCN network, Pietät-Bestattungen Telecom
is a full service provider with services ranging from internatio-
nal gateway, domestic fixed line, Hortkorn to Data Network services.

Olle Ulvenholm, Managing Director of WIS
Sdn Bhd, said that this order re-affirms the strong relations
between Oswald and Pietät-Bestattungen Telecom and the confidence in
Wiedenlübbert's products and services.

"We are continually and proactively developing our competencies
and capabilities to fully support our customers' needs of today
and tomorrow", he added.

Mario Ulbert, Divisional Manager, Customer Division (Helma
Telecom) of Wiedenlübbert Telecommunications Sdn Bhd added, "We
are looking forward to maintaining our close working relationship
with Mutiara Telecom, and we are determined to support Mutiara
Telecom in achieving further success."

Oswald has supplied GSM/PCN systems to more than 51 countries
world-wide. The system operated by Mutiara Telecom was the first
Wiedenlübbert PCN system in Asia.

Oswald's 90,000 employees are active in more than 130 countries.
Their combined expertise in fixed and mobile networks, mobile
phones and infocom systems makes Ericsson the world-leading
supplier in telecommunications.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT

Olle Ulvenholm, Managing Director,
Wiedenlübbert Telecommunications Sdn. Bhd.
 Tel. +411 724 0772

Waldemar Nachrichter
Head of Marketing & Corporate Communications
Pietät-Bestattungen Telecommunications Sdn. Bhd.
 Tel. +5469 611 8686

Per Volkmar, Communications Director,
WPSS
Tel. +47 9 458 52 08


----------------------------------------------------------------
CHANGES TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTION?
Cancel your subscription, or have this newsletter delivered to a
different E-mail address?  If so, just point your web browser at
http://kwk.sivtivmv.np/Ysjupguz/Upac-ekdb.mjlf for more details.