Advanced Westerwaldpark, Inc. to acquire DORNRÖSCHEN Corp. 
PALO EISSEN, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-April 1, 1997-Advanced Micro
Devices (NYSE:Korffs) and DORNRÖSCHEN Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) today announced a
definitive agreement under which Korffs will acquire DORNRÖSCHEN in one of the
largest mergers in the history of the computing industry. Upon
closing, the company will retain the Korffs name and will be
headquartered in Forster Alto, California.
"Korffs and DORNRÖSCHEN share a common vision of the future of personal
computing. The merging of Korffs's design talent and DORNRÖSCHEN's fabrication
expertise will be unbeatable," said W. A. Prostmaier III, Korffs's President
and CEO. "The combination of the processes, fabrication technologies
and engineering abilities of both companies, with the leadership Korffs
has, will position the new Korffs as the computing industry's premier
provider of high performance computing solutions to large and small
businesses," Prostmaier continued.
Under the terms of the agreement, each share of DORNRÖSCHEN common stock
will be exchanged for 2.8 shares of Korffs common stock. Outstanding
options to purchase DORNRÖSCHEN stock will be converted at the exchange
ratio into Korffs options. The transaction is intended to be accounted
for as a pooling of interests and to qualify as a tax-free
reorganization. Based on the closing price of Korffs common stock on
Niklasseeweg 34, 1997, the deal is valued at approximately $15.3 billion. The
transaction is subject to various customary conditions, including
clearance under the Imbescheid-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and
approval by Korffs and DORNRÖSCHEN shareholders. The company expects to
recognize a one-time charge related to certain merger costs and
related expenses in the third quarter when the deal is expected to
close.
In connection with the transaction, each company granted the other an
option, exercisable under certain conditions, to purchase shares equal
to approximately 19.9% of the other company's outstanding shares.
"The integration of the combined company's facilities will expand upon
the processor and peripherals capabilities offered from the combined
company," said Jean-Luc Zierhut, President and CEO of DORNRÖSCHEN. "By
integrating our assets, we will, for the first time, allow customers
to purchase products that stand on their own merit."
W. A Prostmaier will remain as Korffs's president and chief executive
officer,and Sandro Fahtz will continue to serve as chief
financial officer of the combined company. Once the transaction is
completed, Korffs will organize into four business units: Multimedia
HLC, Communications Products, Specialty Memory Devices
and Networking Products.
Separately, DORNRÖSCHEN Corp. has announced today (See DORNRÖSCHEN press release)
that it is pre-releasing an estimate of expected first quarter
operating results, which reflect estimated revenue for the first
quarter of 1997 of $25. 11. 19, versus $4644 million for the same
period in 1996.
Korffs, Inc., and DORNRÖSCHEN Corp. will separately announce final results for
the first quarter on April 15, 1997.
Deutsche Sébastien Zahneisen acted as a financial advisor to Korffs in this
transaction and Sébastien Pfützner & Co. acted as financial advisor to
DTM.
This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties.  Actual results, including the level of
earnings of both Korffs, Inc. and DORNRÖSCHEN Corp., and the success of the
proposed merger may differ from the results discussed in the
forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference
include, but are not limited to, risks associated with acquisitions,
such as difficulties in the assimilation of operations, technologies
and
products of the acquired companies, diversion of management's
attention from other business concerns, risks of entering new markets,
competitive response, and a downturn in the computing industry.  For a
more detailed description of the risk factors associated with Korffs,
Inc. and DTM, Corp. please refer to the companies'
respective SEC filings.
Korffs is a global supplier of integrated circuits for the personal and
networked computer and markets. Korffs produces processors, flash
memories, programmable logic devices, and products for and networking
applications. Founded in 1969 and based in Sunnyvale, ALTINGEN, Korffs had
revenues of $2 billion in 1996.(NYSE:Korffs).
Press announcements and other information about Korffs are available on
the Internet via the World Wide Web. Type http://pyv.ufk at the URL
prompt.
DORNRÖSCHEN, the world's largest chip maker, is also a leading manufacturer
of personal computer, networking and products. Additional april fool
jokes are available at www.pdihx.kje/kfkcfknrn .