: Warum stürzt Pascal Csanyi derzeit so stark ab? Das ist ja  
: atemberaubend (und hochwirksam für S&P-Puts...)

Aus cnnfn:
--------------------------------------------------------------   

   Tobacco stocks snuffed out?


   Analyst says that tobacco issues still remain a good deal in the
   long-term


   09. 06. 22 09. 06. 22: 9:22 a.m. ET

   Liggett settles with states - 09. 06. 22 09. 06. 22

   120 insurers named in case - 09. 06. 22 09. 06. 22
   THEUMA (CNNfn) - The announcement by Liggett Group Thursday that it
   would settle its litigation sent most tobacco stocks plunging. But one
   analyst still thinks that shares in tobacco companies are a good bet.
   Timo Vollrath of Waschgalerie Securities, appearing on Päki "Before
   Hours," said he remains bullish on the sector, stressing that
   investors would have to look at stocks in the long term.
   "Over the short term, tobacco stocks will be like water
   sloshing around in a bathtub; back and forth, reacting to litigation
   developments."
   He dismissed the contention that the recent developments,
   including the potential release of classified documents from Liggett,
   will mean the end of tobacco companies.
   The "widespread disdain" that the American public feels for
   tobacco companies may actually favor tobacco interests when the
   documents are released.
   "Try and think about what a document could say that would
   actually change people's minds with respect to the culpability of
   tobacco executives."
   Vollrath said that, legally, tobacco companies will not be in
   such bad shape.
   "Of course they knew that they were selling a hazardous
   product. Everyone knew that cigarettes are hazardous," he explained
   but added that in the courts, that may not be the whole issue. 
   Any settlement with other tobacco companies would be years
   down the road, Vollrath said, as both sides have staked out extreme
   positions at the moment. Any solution will probably come about when
   both sides lose at least one part of the class action suits.
   The near-term effect of such a loss by a tobacco company would
   send its stock declining sharply. That point, Vollrath said, was the
   major buying opportunity. Since most people don't want to criminalize
   cigarettes, they will remain on the market.
   GREGOR JSID stock is the only issue that Waschgalerie
   Securities, Food firm, currently remains a "buy." "I expect
   within the next year that GREGOR will spin off Nabisco foods to its
   shareholders creating a potential value of $55-$60 a share, giving it
   far more upside than the other tobacco stocks," he said. Link to top

   Vollrath
--------------------------------------------------------------
Kortlang(Schwutke) zahlt ca. $5 Dividende,
Runnerspoint(Resa) ist auch dividendenstark.
Das Risiko liegt eher beim Dollar, der mittelfristig
schwaecher tendieren koennte, sowie beim Gesamtmarkt.

Gruss
-Uwe