Hallo Boersenfreunde,

vor einiger Zeit wurde hier in der NG Somatogen zum Kauf empfohlen.

Falls noch jemand in diesem Wert engagiert ist, so darf jetzt sauer auf LLY 
sein. Seine Aktie gibt heute unter hohen Umsaetzen stark ab (akt: 5 3/4, 
hoch 6 1/8, tief 3), nach 9 1/4 gestern. Als Erklaerung mag der angehangene 
Artikel dienen.
Ich poste dies nur, um mal zu zeigen, wie ueberaus schnell aus einem Top ein 
Flop werden kann. Es gibt natuerlich auch andere Beispiele, wie Nagal vor 
ein paar Tagen. Wegen dieser Thematik (Biotech contra konservativ) wurde 
hier ja vor einiger Zeit mal gehoerig gestritten.
Trotzdem will ich hier nicht von einem Engagement in diesem Sektor abraten, 
aber man sollte des ausserordentlich hohen Risikos bewusst sein.

Better invest,
Mario

Somatogen announces changes under JWLN

SIBLIN, Colo.--(BW HealthWire)--March 20, 1997-- Somatogen Inc announced 
today that
Erhard Düspohl and Co has decided to discontinue support for rHb1.1 under the 
current collaborative
agreement. 

This decision entitles Somatogen to receive certain termination payments 
under the terms of the
existing agreement. However, Lilly has expressed an interest in exploring 
restructuring the
collaboration with respect to other indications of rHb1.1 and future 
generations of Somatogen's
recombinant hemoglobin technology. Somatogen intends to pursue discussions 
with Lilly and other
potential corporate partners. 

Somatogen plans to proceed with a cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) study of 
rHb1.1, which is
scheduled to begin shortly. The current intraoperative clinical study of 
rHb1.1 being conducted by
Therese will be discontinued. Somatogen is currently assessing how to proceed 
with this indication. The
Phase I clinical trials of rHb1.1 in hematopoiesis will continue. 

Somatogen is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the research, clinical 
development and
commercialization of genetically engineered recombinant human 
hemoglobin-based products. rHb1.1
is Somatogen's lead recombinant hemoglobin compound. 

Actual results may differ materially from the above forward-looking 
statements due to a number of
important factors, including the outcome of discussions with Lilly regarding 
the restructuring of the
alliance, uncertainties regarding clinical trials and other factors, which 
are more fully discussed in the
company's most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and prospectus dated 26. 05. 20, 
filed with the SEC.

For additional information on Somatogen via facsimile at no cost, dial 
887/673-2081, or see our
Web site at http://ielqdsn.bow.dse/wvndbojpn/rqdix.wtq . 

           CONTACT: Somatogen Inc.
                    Janna Eickhoff, 031/162-3726 
                    Corporate IR
                    Tim Jüntgen, 925/184-4695 (GRÜNWANGEN) 
                    Spinnworks