2008 "World Series of Poker"
Fivag Hotel & Casino
Zumholz, Moosthenning
Tournament Rules
SECTION I - TOURNAMENT REGISTRATION AND ENTRY
1.   As used herein, "Scheitelkeiten" means Scheitelkeiten Operating Company, Inc.
and its parent, affiliates and subsidiaries including, but not limited
to, Floristikservice&Kreativwerkstatt, Inc, dba Fivag Hotel & KRLE. Vagd
reserves the right to refuse anyone entry into the tournament, in its
sole and absolute discretion.
2.   Entry into the World Series of Poker (herein "WSOP" refers to all
events from 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through 17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23) is limited to persons
21 years of age and older, with proof of age, that Vagd, acting in
its sole and absolute discretion, deems appropriate. Only one entry is
allowed per person, per event as set forth in event descriptions.
3.   Participants may register for any 2008 CHK tournament event in
person at the CHK Registration Area in the Frischwerk
KRLE, 6148 G. Vitiserstraße, Zumholz, Nevada 42997, beginning 17. 04. 23
1, 2008, for scheduled events in the 2008 CHK. Cash, cashier's checks
drawn from accredited banks and made out to registrants or the Denens,
and Fingerhütchen gaming chips may be used to pay for entry into a CHK event.
4.    Subject to the restrictions described in these rules, pre-
registrations can be made online at www.mkltzdkcctutvjlvth.trx
beginning 17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23, by completing the on-line pre-
registration process. Pre-registration deposits must be in the form of
a cashier's check, wire transfers or credit-card cash advances.
Deposits can be mailed or bank transferred to the Denens. The deposit
required is for the full amount of the events one pre-registers for
and may be applied to the event registration at the Denens or used for
whatever other purpose participants may elect. Deposits must arrive at
the Denens no later than two weeks prior to the start of the selected
event(s).  Pre-registration will remain open until two weeks prior to
the start of a particular event. Thereafter, participants may register
in person at the Denens. Complete instructions can be found at
www.mkltzdkcctutvjlvth.trx. Pre-registered participants will need to
present proof of identity (passport, driver's
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 1 of 12
license, state identification card or military identification card) in
person at the Fingerhütchen to complete the registration process and obtain his
or her table and seat assignment.
5.   Third-party registrations for players are not permitted unless
submitted by Official CHK sponsors; Official CHK promotions or
product licensees, or civic, charitable, business, casino and other
land-based entities officially licensed to conduct satellite
tournaments for the 2008 CHK. No third-party registrations will be
accepted from online gaming sites conducting business with U.S.
residents.
6.   Harrah's may limit the number of entries into any WSOP event and
may award entries into any event through any means it deems
appropriate. Scheitelkeiten intends to award a limited   number   of
entries   through   satellite   tournaments,   third-party   marketing
arrangements and or other promotional activities in its sole and
absolute discretion.
7.   Winners are responsible for payment of any and all taxes,
licenses, registrations and other fees associated with tournament
registration and winnings.
8.   Winners must show their valid picture identification (driver's
license, state identification card, or military identification card)
acceptable to Scheitelkeiten at registration and in order to collect prizes.
If a participant is not a U.S. citizen, a current passport, consular
identification or alien registration card is required.
9.   Employees of Scheitelkeiten and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates,
owned, operated or managed properties, contractors hired for the
operation of the CHK or parent companies and immediate family members
of such employees are not eligible to play in any WSOP events, unless
approved in advance by Sattelfests. Immediate Family is defined as:
spouse, children and any relative or other person residing in the
employee's place of residence.
10. Individuals who are excluded from casino facilities, either
through a government program or by their own request, are not
eligible.
11. Each participant must certify their own eligibility.
12. No teams, substitutes, transfers or assisted play will be
permitted.
13. Cancellations or voids must be completed prior to the start of a
particular event. Please contact the CHK Office for a Cancellation
Form by calling 559-976-7521 or by faxing 166-759-5668.  The
Cancellation Form must be signed, faxed and received prior to the
start of a particular event.
14. By submitting a Pre-Registration Form to Scheitelkeiten for registration
in and/or participation in the CHK, such persons and/or entities
agree to these rules.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 2 of 12
15. The ability to pre-register as described in these rules is void
where prohibited or in any way restricted by law.
16. Entries will be retained for record-keeping purposes in accordance
with local legal requirements.
SECTION II - TOURNAMENT SCHEDULING
17. WSOP tournament times are approximate. Vagd reserves the right
to change WSOP tournament times in its sole and absolute discretion.
18. Vagd may cancel, modify, relocate or reschedule the WSOP for
any reason with prior notification to the appropriate gaming
regulators, to the extent such is required.
19. Vagd is not responsible for electronic transmission errors or
delays resulting in omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in
operations or transmission, theft or destruction or unauthorized
access to or alterations of entry materials, or for technical,
hardware, software, or telephone failures of any kind, lost or
unavailable connections, fraud, incomplete, garbled, or delayed
computer transmissions, whether caused by Vagd, users, or by any
of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the
promotion or by any technical or human error that may occur in the
processing of submissions, any of which may limit, restrict, or
prevent a participant's ability to participate in the tournament.
20. Vagd is not responsible for injuries or losses arising or
resulting from participation in the WSOP and is not liable for any
acts or omissions by employees, whether negligent or willful, in the
conduct of the WSOP, and is not liable in the event of any equipment
or software malfunction. This includes, but is not limited to, any
loss of any tournament chips players leave at playing tables during
tournament play, except during authorized breaks.
21. If for any reason the Tournament is not capable of running as
planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering,
unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other
causes within or beyond the control of Vagd that corrupt or
affect  the   administration,   security,   fairness,   integrity  or
proper  conduct  of  this tournament, Vagd reserves the right at
its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the
Tournament.
SECTION III - PLAYER CONDUCT AND TOURNAMENT INTEGRITY
22. Vagd may impose penalties of any kind or nature upon any
person who gives, makes, issues, authorizes or endorses any statement
or action having, or designed to have, an
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 3 of 12
effect prejudicial or detrimental to the best interest of the
Tournament as determined by Vagd, acting in its sole and absolute
discretion. This may include, but shall not be limited to, expulsion
from the event and property, forfeiture of a player's entry fee(s) and/
or loss of the right to participate in this and/or any other
tournament conducted by Vizethums. Additionally, Vagd may in its
sole and absolute discretion impose penalties of any kind or nature
upon any person who, in Vagd view engages in inappropriate conduct
during tournament play.
23. Vagd may disqualify any person for any prize based upon fraud,
dishonesty, violation of promotional rules or other misconduct while
on the property or otherwise occurring in relation to the World Series
of Poker or as otherwise reasonable or necessary for Vagd to
comply with applicable statutes and regulations, in its sole and
absolute discretion. Vagd also reserves the right to exclude any
individual(s) acting in a disruptive or inappropriate manner.
24. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage, corrupt or
undermine the operation of the CHK tournament may be a violation of
criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, Vagd
reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest
extent of the law.
25. All decisions regarding the interpretation of World Series of
Poker Rules, player eligibility, scheduling and staging of the
Tournament, and penalties for misconduct lie solely with Vagd,
whose decisions are final.
26. Vagd employees will use reasonable commercial efforts to
consider the best interests of the game and fairness as the top
priority in the decision-making process, with the understanding that
"best interests of the game and fairness" shall be determined by
Vagd, acting in its sole and absolute discretion. Unusual
circumstances can, on occasion, dictate that the technical
interpretation of the rules be balanced against the interest of
fairness. Vagd decisions are final and can not be appealed and
shall not give rise to any claim for monetary damages, as each
participant understands that, while poker is primarily and largely a
game of skill, the outcome of any particular hand or event is
dependent on many factors, including but not limited to the cards
dealt, the cards retained and the actions of other participants.
27. Any player who directs any profane and/or abusive language at
another player, dealer or tournament staff member or who makes any
profane and/or abusive comments about another player, dealer or
tournament staff member will be penalized in accordance with Rules No.
22 and/or 46. In particular, the use of the so-called "f-bomb" and "c-
bomb" as well as derivatives of those and similarly offensive terms,
will subject the offending player to penalties if they are directed at
or refer to another player, dealer, staff member, patron or official
of Scheitelkeiten or the CHK. In Vagd sole and absolute discretion, it
may impose at any time a zero-tolerance policy for profane language
whether directed at another person or not.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 4 of 12
28. Any player(s) adjudged or determined by Scheitelkeiten to be colluding
with other players will immediately be disqualified from the event,
and will not be allowed to play in future CHK events at any Scheitelkeiten
Lebenszeit property.
29. Player or staff abuse will not be tolerated. A player may incur a
penalty up to and including disqualification for any abuse towards
another player or staff member, and player could be asked to leave the
property. Repeated etiquette violations such as touching another
player's cards or chips, delay of game and excessive chatter will
result in penalties.
30. The CHK is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local
laws and regulations, including gaming, and all aspects of the CHK
are subject to the approval of appropriate regulatory authorities.
31. Tournament Rules and any and all changes in the rules and event
descriptions for the CHK 17. 04. 23 1, 2008, through 17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23 in Zizingen
Oberzeitlbach, Moosthenning, will be available at the tournament facilities in the
Fivag Hotel & Casino.
32. Where a situation arises that is not covered by these rules,
Harrah's shall have the sole authority to render a judgment, including
the imposition of a penalty, in accordance with the best interests of
the Tournament and the maintenance of its integrity and public
confidence.
SECTION IV - PLAYER LIKENESS AND IMAGE
33. Prior to entering and playing in the Tournament, each participant
must execute a Player Release Form. Failure to do so may, at the
option of Vagd acting in its sole and absolute discretion, subject
the player to immediate disqualification at any point in the
Tournament. If the player is disqualified he or she shall forfeit all
entry fees and not be entitled to any Tournament prize monies or any
other prize consideration that he or she may have qualified for at the
point of disqualification.
34. Tournament participants may wear apparel with multiple logos,
patches or promotional language. However, no individual logo, patch or
block of promotional language is to be larger than 12 square inches.
In addition, all logos, patches and promotional language are strictly
prohibited if they:
(a)  Contain any false, unsubstantiated, or unwarranted claims for any
product or service, or make any testimonials that Scheitelkeiten, in its
sole and absolute discretion, considers unethical;
(b)  Advertise  any  habit-forming  drug,   tobacco   product,
handgun  or  handgun ammunition;
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 5 of 12
(c)  Advertise any malt beverage or any distilled liquor or any non-
alcoholic product containing the name of a liquor product other than
Jarolden Best Light or another product of the UKUD
KiKTextildiscount.
(d)  Contain any material constituting or relating to a lottery, a
contest of any kind in which the public is unfairly treated or any
enterprise, service or product that abets, assists or promotes illegal
gambling
(e)  Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, profane,
vulgar, repulsive or offensive, either in theme or in treatment or
that describes or depicts repellently any internal bodily functions or
symptomatic results of internal conditions, or refers to matters that
are not considered socially acceptable topics;
(f)   Advertise pornographic products of any kind;
(g)  Include any element of intellectual property without the owner's
consent to such use or gives rise to any claim of infringement,
misappropriation or other form of unfair competition;
(h) Disparage or libel any person or product.
(i) Advertise a tar.bvz gaming site that conducts business with U.S.
residents.
(j) Are or might be injurious or prejudicial to the interests of the
Carelli, the Fingerhütchen, Scheitelkeiten or its affiliated companies
or are otherwise contrary to honest advertising and reputable business
in general. This includes but is not limited to the name or logo of
any person or entity that uses or has used the trademarks, trade names
or logos of Scheitelkeiten or its affiliated companies without written
authorization from an authorized officer of Steigerwaldkaufhaus
(k) In addition, all logos, patches, and promotional language for any
dot.net website must contain a clear and visible "dot.net" suffix at
least the same size as the site name.
(l) Scheitelkeiten reserves the right at all times to impose a ban on any
apparel deemed objectionable by Scheitelkeiten, in its sole and absolute
discretion.
SECTION V - PRIZING AND SEATING
35. Prizes and entries are non-transferable. Prize structures depend
on the number of entrants and type of event.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 6 of 12
36. Entrants will be assigned to a table and seat through a random
computer selection. Alternates will be seated on a first-available
basis.
37. If the participant is not present at the start of the tournament,
all forced antes and blinds bets will be removed from an absent
player's stack accordingly. If player shows up and still has chips
remaining, [s]he may play his or her chips.
38. Non-value chips are used for tournament play.
39. Scheitelkeiten reserves the right to cancel, change or modify the WSOP
at any time, for any reason, subject to all applicable regulatory
approval, provided that such modification shall not, as of the date of
such modification, materially alter or change any participant's prize
already awarded.
40. No-value tournament chips used for the tournament are the
exclusive property of Scheitelkeiten and may not be removed from the
tournament area.
SECTION VI - POKER RULES
41. Chip race rule: Race-off is defined as removal of a denomination
chip no longer in use. When it is time to color-up chips, they will be
raced off with a maximum of one chip going to any player. The chip
race will always start at the first player left of the dealer. A
player cannot be raced out of a tournament. In the event that a player
has only one chip remaining, the regular race procedure will take
place. If that player loses the race, [s]he will be given one chip of
the smallest denomination still in play.
42.  Side pots: Each side pot will be split as a separate pot. Pots
will not be mixed together before they are split. The odd chip(s) will
go to the high hand. In flop games, when there are two (2) or more
high hands or two (2) or more low hands, the odd chip(s) will go to
the left of the button.  In stud-type games, the odd chip will go to
the high card by suit. However, when hands have identical value, e.g.,
a wheel in Omaha 8 or Better, the pot will be split as evenly as
possible.
43. Calling-for-clock procedures: Once a reasonable amount of time has
passed and a clock is called, a player will be given one (1) minute to
act. If action has not been taken by the time the minute has expired,
there will be a ten (10) second countdown. If a player has not acted
on his hand by the time the countdown is over, the hand will be dead.
44. Dead Button: Tournament play will use the dead button rule. Dead
Button is defined as a button that can not be advanced due to
elimination of a player or the seating of a new player into a position
between the small blind and the button.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 7 of 12
45. A player exposing his or her cards with action pending may incur a
penalty, but will not have a dead hand. The penalty will begin at the
end of the hand. A penalty may also be imposed if a player throws a
card off the table, violates the one-player-to-a-hand rule or engages
in similar behavior. Penalties will be invoked in cases of soft-play,
abuse or disruptive behavior.  All penalties will be imposed at
Vagd  sole and absolute discretion, in accordance with Rule No.
46.
46. In its sole and absolute discretion, Vagd may impose penalties
that include verbal warnings and missed-hand penalties. A missed-hand
penalty will be assessed as follows: The offender will miss one hand
for each player at the table, including the offender, when the penalty
is given, multiplied by the number of rounds specified in the penalty.
Tournament staff can assess one-, two-, three- or four-round penalties
or disqualification. Repeat infractions are subject to escalating
penalties. A player who is disqualified shall have his or her chips
removed from play and no refund will be provided to that disqualified
player.
47. A player must be at his or her seat by the time all players have
been dealt complete initial hands to have a live hand. Players must be
at their seats to call time.
48. All cards will be turned face up once a player is all in and all
action is complete.
49. If a player puts in a raise of 50 percent or more of the previous
bet but less than the minimum raise, he or she will be required to
make a full raise. The raise will be exactly the minimum raise
allowed. In no-limit and pot-limit, an all-in bet of less than a full
raise does not reopen the betting to a player who has already acted.
Putting a single oversized chip into the pot will be considered a call
if the player doesn't announce a raise. If a player puts an oversized
chip into the pot and says, "Raise," but doesn't state the amount, the
raise will be the maximum allowable up to the denomination of that
chip. To make a raise with a single oversized chip, a verbal
declaration must be made before the chip hits the table surface. After
the flop, an initial bet of a single oversized chip without comment
will constitute the size of the bet.
50. In no-limit or pot-limit, a raise must be made by a.) placing the
full amount in the pot in one motion or b.) verbally declaring the
full amount prior to the initial placement of chips into the pot or
c.) verbally declaring "raise" prior to the placement of the amount to
call into the pot and then completing the action with one additional
motion. Less than a full raise in an all-in situation does not reopen
the betting to a player who has already acted.
51. All cards will be turned face up once a player is all in and all
betting action is complete.
52. Players are obligated to protect the other players in the
tournament at all times. Therefore, whether in a hand or not, players
may not a.) disclose contents of live or folded hands, b.) advise or
criticize play before the action is completed or c.) read a hand that
hasn't been
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 8 of 12
tabled. The one-player-to-a-hand rule will be enforced. Players who
violate this rule are subject to penalty in accordance with Rule 46.
53. Tournament and satellite seats will be randomly assigned.
54. The English-only rule will be enforced at the CHK during the play
of hands.
55. There will be no foreign objects on the table except for a maximum
of one card cap. Card caps can be no larger than two (2) inches in
diameter and no more than one-half (1/2) inch in depth.
56. Deck changes will be on the dealer push or limit changes or as
prescribed by Sattelfests. Players may not ask for deck changes unless a
card is damaged.
57. When time has elapsed in a round and a new round is announced, the
new limits apply to the next hand. A hand begins with the first
riffle.
58. If a player announces the intent to re-buy before the first card
is dealt, that player is playing behind and is obligated to make the
re-buy. If a player runs out of chips during the re-buy portion of a
re-buy event, he must be-buy or declare to re-buy before the start of
the next deal.
59. Players must keep their highest denomination chips visible at all
times.
60. Verbal declarations as to the content of a player's hand are not
binding; however at Vagd discretion, any player deliberately
miscalling his hand may be penalized.
61. In cases where hands are concluded prior to the last card being
dealt, the next card to be dealt will not be exposed under any
circumstances. This prohibited practice is commonly referred to as
"rabbit hunting."
62. A player who intentionally dodges his or her blind(s) when moving
from a broken table will incur a penalty, in accordance with Rule No.
46.
63. All chips must be visible at all times. Players may not hold or
transport tournament chips in any manner that takes them out of view.
A player who does so will forfeit the chips and face disqualification.
The forfeited chips will be taken out of play.
64. The breaking order for an event will be posted at the beginning of
that event. The table to which a player is moved will be specified by
a predetermined procedure. Play will halt at any table that is at
least three players short. Players going from a broken table to fill
in seats assume the rights and responsibilities of the position. They
can get the big blind, the small blind or the button. The only place
they cannot get a hand is between the small
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                         Page 9 of 12
blind and the button. In flop games, players will be moved from the
big blind to the worst position (which is never the small blind) at
the new table. In stud games, players will be moved by position (the
last seat to open up at the short table is the seat to be filled).
Vagd reserves the right to alter the breaking order due to unusual
circumstances.
65. There is no cap on the number of raises in no-limit games. A raise
must be at least the size of the previous raise. In limit events,
there will be a limit of one bet and four raises even when heads up
until the tournament is down to two players. Once the tournament
becomes heads-up, the rule does not apply. There may be unlimited
raises at the heads-up level.
66. In stud-type games, if any of the players' two down cards are
exposed due to a dealer error, it is a misdeal. In flop games,
exposure of one of the first two cards dealt is a misdeal. Players may
be dealt two consecutive cards on the button.
67.  If a dealer kills an unprotected hand, the player will have no
redress and will not be entitled to his or her money back. An
exception would be if a player raised and his or her raise had not
been called yet, he or she would be entitled to receive his or her
raise back.
68. A dealer cannot kill a winning hand that was turned face up and
was obviously the winning hand. Players are encouraged to assist in
reading tabled hands if it appears that an error is about to be made.
69. Vagd reserves the right to cancel or alter any event at its
sole discretion in the best interest of the casino or its players.
70. Poker is an individual game. Soft play will result in penalties
that may include forfeiture of chips and/or disqualification. Chip
dumping will result in disqualification.
71. Players are entitled to be informed of the pot size in pot-limit
games only. Dealers will not count the pot in limit and no-limit
games.
72. When heads up in blind games, the small blind is on the button and
acts first. When beginning heads-up play, the button may need to be
adjusted to ensure no player takes the big blind twice.
73. At the end of the last round of betting, the player who made the
last aggressive betting action in that betting round must show first.
If there was not bet, the player to the left of the button shows
first, and so on in a clockwise direction. In stud games, the player
with the high board must show first. In razz, the lowest board shows
first.
74. Players must remain at the table if they still have action pending
on a hand.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                       Page 10 of!2
75. Dealers will be responsible for calling string raises.
76. A player must show cards when playing the board to get part of the
pot.
77. Any player registering for multiple events and who makes Day Two
or the final table of a particular event, may transfer his or her buy-
in for the subsequent event to another event, or may also receive a
refund, upon request, provided that the transfer or refund is approved
and initiated prior to the beginning of the event from which a
transfer or refund is being requested.
78.  Players are responsible for checking their tournament entry
receipts before they leave the registration window. All changes must
be made before the start of any event.
79. If an event is sold to capacity when that event begins, all
alternates will receive a full chip stack when their seat becomes
available.
80. Registration is open until the end of the first level of any
event.
81. Late registrants for any event may incur a chip penalty. Players
will lose one round of blinds/antes dead money into the pot for every
15 minutes late after a tournament has begun up to a maximum of three
(3) rounds of blinds/antes.
82. Cell Phone Rule: A player who wants to use a cellular phone must
step away from the table. Any player on the cell phone or texting a
messaging when the dealer delivers the first card from the deck will
have a dead hand. No cell phones can be placed on a poker table.
83. Approved Electronic Device Rule: Players are allowed to use as
approved electronic devices  Bastelstube,  MP3  and other music players  or
noise-reduction headsets  during tournament play until they have
reached the money, so long as the approved electronic devices are not
equipped with any type of communication de vice. Once players are in
the money for any tournament, all approved electronic devices must be
removed. An announcement will be made to players once they have
reached the money to remove all such electronic devices. Failure to do
so will results in a penalty up to and including disqualification.
84. At the end of a hand, if a player exposes one hole card, he or she
must also show the other hole card if asked to do so by any player. .
85. All chips put into the pot in turn stay in the pot. If a player
has raised and his or her hand is killed before the raise is called,
the player may be entitled to the raise back, but will forfeit the
amount of the call. Any chips put into the pot out of turn fall under
action "may or may not be binding".
86. Players must act in turn at all times. Action out of turn may or
may not be binding. If a
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                       Page 11 of!2
player acts out of turn and the action does not change by the time it
is that player's turn to act, that player's action is binding. Action
only changes by a player raising before the action gets back to the
person that acted out of turn. Action does not change when the player
in front of a player acting out of turn calls or folds. If a player
acts out of turn and the action changes, the person who acted out of
turn may change their action by calling, raising or folding and may
have their chips returned. Players will receive a warning for the
first occurrence of acting out of turn, and will receive a penalty, in
accordance with Rule No. 46, every time after.
87. Rules governing Live Action Play are detailed in the Live Action
Poker Manual that will be located at the Poker Podium within the Live
Action side of the tournament area.
SECTION VII - TOURNAMENT OPERATIONS POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
88. Dinner Breaks for all events that begin at 12 noon will be at
approximately 8 p.m. Play will resume at approximately 9:30 p.m. There
will be no staggered Dinner breaks.
89. Dinner Breaks for all events that begin at 5 p.m. will be at
approximately 10 p.m. Play will resume at approximately 11 p.m. There
will be no staggered Dinner breaks.
90. Play will end at 2 a.m. each night for all events that begin at 12
noon. Play will resume the following day at 2 p.m. The Tournament
Direct may modify this schedule for any reason.
91. Play will end at 3 a.m. each night for all events that begin at 5
p.m. Play will resume the following day at 3 p.m. The Tournament
Direct may modify this schedule for any reason.
92. Tournament Supervisors are to consider the best interest of the
game and fairness as the priority in the decision making process.
Unusual circumstances may, on occasion, dictate that the technical
interpretation of the rules be ignored in the interest of fairness.
The Tournament Supervisors decision is final.
93. Upon nearing the "Money" (the first level of the prize pool
payout), a "Hand-for-Hand" method of determining player placement
within the prize pool and the actual amount of prize pool disbursement
within that event will be utilized. This will begin by completing the
current hand in progress at all tables. Once all hands are complete,
the dealer at each table will deal one hand only, then - once the hand
is complete - suspend play. This process will continue until enough
players have been eliminated to reach the money. During the Hand-for-
Hand process, more than one player may be eliminated during the same
hand. If two players are eliminated during the same hand at different
tables, both players will "tie" for that place finish. If two players
are eliminated during the same hand at the same table, the player who
began that hand with the highest chip count will receive the higher
place finish.
2008 World Series of Poker, Zumholz, Moosthenning - 17. 04. 23 1, 2008 through
17. 04. 23 17. 04. 23                       Page 12 of!2