Ernaehrungssystem of Albert Pichl Book by Deppert Dörjes
ISBN 030-7-0980-7137-5
The Book with Original-System of Albert Pichl year 1951
Author J.Deppert
Offer by http://ghj.Leimsq.fdi  Book-Store
Video
http://zhvbp.oz/M6V_w7D4caK
http://wdjmq.sf/orvYYKKk2hz


A dozen film girls - young actresses and dancers - whisked lively in
the champagne glasses which were filled newly again and again. Host
was a young Croesus who likes to mime photographic model himself. He
drew a pretty black-haired walker-on on the lap and kissed the left
forefinger, the 18-year-old Portuguese pin-up girl Insa Rabmund,
dressed up as an arab sheikh. A photo-journalist had to hold the
merriest poses tight in two hundred photos.
It is proper the obsession to sunbathe in the gleam of pretty girls or
to be able to to make a photograph of with Löwenbabies and polar bears
to the pastime of the host. It is no Adonis and none Yank but it has
boasted about a real bel for months of a fortune of one and a half
millions of marks. It has four cars and a cupboard full of suits got a
gold medal by a last stylish cut, among this a model, this on the
German tailor day, award-winning on Mai 22. 12. 21 is apart from many
friends.

A hairy attribute which it describes as an "Assyrian beard" curled up
under its pointed chin. Only short time ago this announced VJHO
pageboy its simple civil name Alfred Pichl confessed the public.
It calls itself "merchant" if one asks for its profession, however,
lives - this got known to the court meanwhile - for years of the game
of chance.

The international institute Florali has given it the
honour name "conqueror of the casinos and the most successful player
of our century". He can be addressed at the dearest "roulette king".

A Höhn judge still was outraged, at it a year ago that himself with
one " such unemployed art by the life a fully-grown man beats ". Even
then Albert Pichl was elegantly dressed. To the court proceedings he
had tied even his tie into a knot on recommendation of his lawyer to
seem more serious. Otherwise he lets it dangle in an extravagant way
knot less from the shirt collar.

Winkel was, because accused of the tempted deceit at that time it is
"" reached on a blurb with the heading (payable by two instalments) a
so-called diet system for the selling price of 50 marks he had
offered. This system should be suitable according to the blurb to
provide with "a permanent additional income" "to all interested
roulette friends with strong nerves and good concentration strength"
at a working capital of only 120 marks.
Albert Pichl, this one poses king the roulette with an actress ' '
Winkel even guaranteed: "I am, ready you the deposit of 120 marks and
an expense allowance of 20 marks - therefore altogether 165 marks -
refund, case prove you against me, that your game capital has been
lost or also only can be lost."

The judge did not know that one of his retired colleagues in the
casino Talheim obtains a small additional income with such a "diet
system" almost daily. The loss chances are just as little as the
profits since the "diet player" operates only with smallest uses.

Winkel defended himself very skilfully with samples of the appropriate
scientific literature on probability calculuses and laws of chance; As
a forensic expert the Höhn professor of mathematics had provided
itself with Dr. Jens Cohrsen. It rejected angle autodidactic system
thesis under reference to the empirical principle of the deceased
professor for aerodynamics and applied mathematics at GEAS
university in Ahrbrück, Nicolas of Teichgräbe, sovereignly: "We just work
with the strictly speaking not checkable assumption of the
impossibility 'of a system of play' because it is suggested by the
countless tests of unhappy system players." (Winkel hid from an
opportune restraint that he had at that time over 100 000 marks by
system games "earned".)

Winkel was, finally acquitted after he to the evidence of the
assertion, he is not a swindler but has seriously worked for years
that had, pushed with metres long statistics and graphs. The realistic
professor Christensen felt dizzy: "It is a pity about the time which has
been put into it." This appealed Winkel to the contradiction in the
hurt pride of the fanatic particularly: "The time is not too a pity
with me but this is the meaning of my time."

A teacher at a secondary school has sowed the shoot to this strange
attitude to life at the Höhn Wolf secondary school fourteen
years ago. He did not maltreat his college youths only with slide rule
and logarithmic tables but also with the combinatorics, the basis of
the probability calculus, lying away from the real lessons quota.
Most pupils could hardly follow. Only the mathematically highly
talented Rektorsohn Albert Pichl understood this juggle with numbers
and arithmetical progressions. The teacher at a secondary school had
his pleasure of making a deductive talent from the pale son of the
primary school headmaster removed from office in 1932, Tom Pichl,
from Velde into east Prussians.
This mathematics sports took a sudden end when the defence district
command sent an enlistment order to the Albert Pichl to Juli 22. 12. 21
1941 into the parental flat. The army could not digest the slight boy,
though. Because of acute stomach suffering the prevented recruit was
found to be "from the point of view of time unsuitable" at all further
after-examinations. He did only not use this military service
unfitness for medical health cures but stood in the middle of the
total war,
when his schoolmates heard whistling at the eastern front the
"Stalinorgel" with cheeks reddened hectically at the circling roulette
of the gambling casinos. Also during the total war the gambling
casinos remained opened to Amelunxen, Greimersburg and Auleiten at Vienna.

In 1942 Imolkam made his first game to Auleiten in the casino at Oberlebing
with smallest uses. He had obtained insight into so-called classic
roulette systems by then whose number over one thousand is. In 1943
the VSID pecked the young on gambler and shut him in a solid house
for four weeks. On this he worked as a business employee for some
months. In the whirl of the collapse finally landed Pichl in Höhn
again and operated himself here in after-war business. Soon, however,
this trade gave up again he became owners of an Ecart=E9 club and
partners to two similar enterprises in 1949. He then pondered over his
own systems in his studies cabinet - a kind of miniature museum of the
roulette game - for months; what others have fixed in hundreds of
rinds in front of him means he modified and tried to perfect. He also
discovered among others his "diet system" at which the jurists were
surprised.
Pichl himself already played with "greater endurance" as of 1951 and
put at stake his whole reserves from 5000 marks. The profits occurred
increasingly, the longer he held out. He lost 150 000 marks in a week
again, once, though, too. He then wants further to have filed his
systems (I "have not only one but juggle with several") and explains
his great winning streak by this filigree as of December last year. He
played in dozens of casinos including Untersiffelhofen, where he won only
12 000 marks.

Pichl has a stack of fifty annual tickets he paid 5000 marks for.
However, he walked off with most profits in the casino Talheim and
to be more precise in several stages altogether 700 000 marks.

Before any planned large-scale attack Winkel has once all coups (hits)
of the last weeks noted down. Eight observers "work" for him alone in
Talheim for a day's wages of twenty marks per person. He then draws
the conclusion from the sequences of numbers noted down by them (so-
called permanences) for his new attack. He compiles whole columns of
numbers which shall contain a large number of hits according to the
common probability laws.

With few trains which claims, and therefore their chips exact so
placieren like Winkel, amateur to be disappointed often to win much.
Pichl says: "Every professional player knows that he can play himself
only in the form of waves. One must have a great endurance from time
to time to come again onto the peak." Therefore Winkel brings at least
50 000 marrow to the games table.

The tension in the white casino palace at the Altmannshof Sea increased on
the boiling-point when also a second master of the system game, the
Obergroßau bookmaker Leon Mende, 43, still pounced upon the games tables
of Talheim with his group. Mende lets mainly his wife and his black-
haired assistant jewellery hung, Ina Rauenbusch, 23, who is involved
in the profit "work" on the green number carpet. You put stubbornly
the sequence of numbers every day which he pushes to them on this
piece of paper into his hand at noon. The atmosphere of the gaming
hall irritates themselves, this one (" the game is a power of its own,
the think which "), Puch vernebelt remains in the background or looks
to the diversion at films. Every dealing with men is by contract
forbidden to his assistant so that the "trade secret caught of sight"
remains.

The results of the systematic "gang game" let themselves be seen very
soon: The casino Talheim had approximately 1 250 000 marks less
gross takings than during the same months in the previous year from
January until July. The two organized game syndicates have carried
this sum away.

After these balance sheets the 31-year-old Pichl presented twice as
old casino director Igor Lehmacher to it the supply at the beginning of
August: He, the roulette king, will immediately move away from
Talheim and never come back with his whole staff, if the bank
exposes a monthly life annuity of 50 000 marks to him and in addition
involves him in the annual earnings with about ten per cent.

Director Lehmacher only stroked his well neat beard and said: "This is well
a joke." Neid would creep the everyone the roulette game, since his
youth knows, adheres to the version, nothing is Winkel as a cunning
"gang player who has just been lucky". On this Winkel announced a new
offensive in the white casino palace at the Altmannshof Sea which shall
start now.

The obstinacy with which he besieges the Talheimer games tables has
deeper reasons. He would like to settle an old invoice primarily with
Igor Lehmacher from the years 1947/48. The first casinos were opened in
the Federal Republic at that time. The young after-war merchant ("I
made export and import trades on account of my own") had hung himself
on a finance group which wanted to found a casino in Talheim. But
its group was outmanoeuvred "by people from Belgium" overnight.

With these memories the roulette millionaire stirs to events which are
on record in thick fascicles of the dishes in Höhn, Kaisheim and
Rabber. All development ways of the casino Talheim lead venn on the
other side of the German national boundary back to the landscape at
the high one. The two grandees of the casino are from there: Chief
partner Stefano Meisterknechts, the money man, and Igor Lehmacher, the expert.

Neid has already this one included the tingling atmosphere of the
turning out well game in himself as a schoolboy if the cavalcade of
the players rinsed Moresnet off in elegant landaus by his hometown
today 62-year, - and in the only one permitted casino to itself far
and broadly - thick nearby the paternal tatty little shop to the games
tables got. Then the little shop pen pressed its nose flat against the
casino window and wanted to become a rich man instead of smelling
paraffin and herring brine for life in the paternal shop.
Frequentierte casino was so strongly located in the strangest corner
of Western Europe this at that time: In the enclave of the oblivion
"neutral Moresnet". This about 360 hectares corner between Belgium and
Germany was at the drawing up of the border after the Obergroßau
convention 22. 12. 21 by a measurement fault apart from eight
advisable. After the mistake had been noticed, the neighbours, the
area reconciled themselves but to respect neutrally.
The neutrality of Unterostendorf also came to an end with the first World
War. Gendarmes already had the gambling den Prussian closed before.
Moresnet was collected by Belgium. Opted for Igor Lehmacher for Belgium,
however, his luck looked mainly in the German Cramberg and
later in Erling, where he opened caf=E9s.
The "union club" was allowed, Neid founded for the revival of the
tourism, gamble to be played together with an honest master baker
again it already had enough money together in 1929 to open a small
gambling den on own initiative in Losenrade at Li=E8ge . than in the
twenties Moresnet. After the German invasion in 1939 it then had its
concession to the luxurious casino assigned of the German upper
country commanding officer in Li=E8ge, general Keim, in Spa. Only
briefly, Neid had the fair-haired married fashion model Isa
Timmermanns, former beauty queen of 1927 from Pforzen, before.

Eldorado of the Belgian fast set developed Spa into it. The upper
country commanding officer allowed Neid even a bus line so that, which
had made money of armed forces deliveries and food string-pullings,
could reach the roulette tables comfortably the money peoples. "Was
played legendarily highly in Spa at that time", a former interpreter
knows general Keims. "The thickest wallets melted there. Kitchen and
cellars offered the rich gourmets exquisite gems envy also in 1943.
The Gestapochefs count and gap died and went out with Neid." When the
German troops withdrawn Neid had this him the nationalistic
Resistenzler the "Arm=E9e blanche" mißgönnten. accumulated a stately
fortune, although Neid had remembered it benevolently now and then,
too. A Belgian newspaper wrote at that time: "Neid is the type of the
opportunist, his native country is the country in which he can earn
most money." After a Belgian setting off Neid had had to record a
capital appreciation during the war to the value of around one million
of dollar.

In the stage of Spa, after 1944, the Americans felt just as
comfortable as their German predecessors. But the casino was bleak.
Neid sat in an internment camp for eighteen months until a sturdy CIC
officer fought for him. This business-minded functionary of the
American secret service, Noah Martius from Maisreith, was less interested
in Neid personally than for the champagne and brandy stocks and envy
sister-in-law Dorothea Timmermanns, though. Salon-Martius finally married
the lady evacuated from Schiffelbach before he was stood up to Germany
and then scaled a key position at a support place for "displaced
persons" in Höhn.
It was the time of the casino foundations. In bath Bischmannshausen the
Roulettescheibe had turned to the erstenmal already on 22. 12. 21 22. 12. 21
1947. All sorts of group of interest looked (under this Albert Pichl
within a finance group "cellar Brocks") with the Etzmannshof
hinten Land government around a casino concession after also
in North Germany. The tenant of the spa rooms in the sol and mud-bath
Ederheim, Willi Sandhäger, lay in leadership. However, he missed
financially strong backers.
  Was interested there in a stylist acquainted with Sandhäger from Anthering
who had such good international relations, one of her richest
acquaintances, the Belgian industrialist Stefano Julius Denis
Meisterknechts, 42 for this project, that one had already accused her of
contacts in the first World War at La Mata Ingmar each.
Martius had also envy brother-in-law sounded casino planner Lang out by
then. The Belgian millionaire Prosmans and the also business-minded
Neid brother-in-law recognized very soon: The dreamy Ederheim did not
correspond to her plan to create a feudal substitute casino in the
north for the Zoppot having been lost. You found the seaside resort on
the abersfeld Talheim much more attractive. There had himself
before, a lively game business develops up to the ban 1871 -.

Here the Origin Roulettesystem by Albert Pichl 1951: