But you do, anyway...
If you're as curious as you seem to be, you may as well try this one, just
as I did.

I quote this message:


MAKE MONEY - LEGAL - EASY - MAILING LIST BUSINESS - $5 US TO START!

                TO WIN 50,000$!!!

THIS IS THE FASTEST WAY KNOWN TO MAKE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!

        Hello ! Would you like to make thousands of dollars, quickly,
legally, with no catch? Please take a few minutes to read this article,
it will change your life, just like it did mine. Its true! you can make
up to or over $50,000 in just 4-6 weeks, maybe sooner!, AND THIS IS NOT
A SCAM! if you're interested, please keep reading.

        Here we go, a little while back, I was browsing these
newsgroups, just
like you are now, and came across an article similar to this that said
you could make thousands of dollars within weeks with only an initial
investment of $5.00! So I thought "yeah must be a scam", but I was
curious, like most of us, so I kept reading. Anyway, it said that you
send $1 to each of the five names and addresses stated in the article.
You then place your own name and address at the bottom of the list at
#5, and post the article in at least 200 newsgroups. ( there are
thousands)

        No catch, that was it. So after thinking it over, and talking to a
few people first, I tried it. I figured what have I got to lose except for
five stamps and five dollars, right.

        Well guess what, within seven days, I started getting requests to
be put on my mailing list. With each request was $1. Start up money for a
legitimate business. I couldn't believe all the money I began to get in
the mail. I was shocked! I still figured it would end soon, and didn't
give it another thought. But the requests just kept comming in. In my
first week , I made 20 to 30 dollars. By the end of the second week I had
made over 1,000 dollars!!! In the third week I had over 10,000 dollars and
its still growing.
        This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of just over
$42,000 dollars and its still comming in. Its certainly worth $5 , I spent
more than that on the lottery.

        Let me tell you how this works and most importantly, why it
works... also, make sure you print a copy of this article now, the process
is very simple and consists of three easy steps:

STEP 1 : Get 5 separate pieces of paper and write the following on each
piece of paper " PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST." Now get five $1
dollar bills and place one inside each of the five pieces of paper so the
bill will not be seen through the envelope to prevent thievery. Next,
place one paper in each of the five envelopes and seal them. You should
now have five sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the
above phrase and a $1 bill. What you are doing is creating a mailing list
service,
this is perfectly legal.

Now mail the five envelopes to the following addresses:

1. Daniel Cords
    P.O. Box 634030
    Oepfershausen, Mo. 17038

2. Noël Drehsen
    99 Mauerkircherstraße
    49217  RAHLEN
    France

3. Ch.U Voitgasse Nockenthal
    67 xmu metthingstraße klsulger
    87082  RAHLEN
    STRITZLING

4. UexqsJP
    150, Kempfengerngasse,
    Itzgrund,
    30857, Zeindorf, Ritzing,
    Malaysia.

5. Stefano Overmann
    Fergersbergstraße 172w
    5980 KD  Neidlingerberg
    Itzum

Step 2 : Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other four names up.  (5 becomes 4, 4 becomes 3, etc...) and add your name
as number 5 on the list.

Step 3 : Change anything you need to, but try to keep this article as
close to the origional as possible. Now post your amended article to at
least 250 newsgroups(200 minimum) there are approximatly 25,000
newsgroups. The more you post, the more money you make! Don't know how to
post in the newsgroups? Well do exactly the following:

FOR NETSCAPE USERS,

        1) Click on any Newsgroup, like normal. Then click on  'To News', which
is in the top left corner fof the newsgroups page. This will bring up a
message box.
        2) Fill in the subject with a flashy tittle, like the one I used.
        3) Now, go to the meassage part of the box and re type this letter
exactly as it is here, with the exception of your few changes. (remember to
add your name to #5 and move the rest up.
        4) When your done typing the whole letter, click on 'file' above
the send button then,  'save as ...'
DO NOT SEND YOUR ARTICLE UNTILL YOU SAVEIT. (So you don't have to type
this 250 times.
        5) Now that you have saved your letter, go ahead and send your first
copy! (click the send button in the top left corner)
        6) THIS IS WHERE YOU POST ALL 250! OK, go to any newsgroup article
and click the            'To News' button again. Type in your Flashy
subject in the subject box, then go to the body part of the message and
place your curser here. Now click on attachment which is right below the
subject box. Click on attach file then find your letter wherever you saved
it. Click once on your file and then click 'open'  then click 'ok'. If you
did this right, you should see your file name in the attachment box and it
will be shaded green. Now Post Away!!!!!!!!!!

IF YOU'RE  USING INTERNET EXPLORER:

        It's just as easy, Holding down the left Mouse Button, Highlight this
entire article, then press the 'ctrl' and 'C' Key at the same time to copy
this article. Then print the article for your records to have the names of
those you will be sending $1 to.

MAKE YOUR ADDRESS CHANGES TO THE FIVE NAMES**

        Now re- highlight the article and re-copy it so you have the
changes...then all you have to do for each newsgroup is 'CTRL' and 'V' and press
'post' Its that easy !!!!Thats It!!!! all you have to do is jump to different
news groups and post away, after you get the hang of it, it takes about 30
seconds for each newsgroup. 
*REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, the more responses you you
will get asking to be put on your mailing list. The more responses you get
the more money you make!!!!!

THATS IT! THATS ALL YOU HAVE TO DO TO START RECIEVING MONEY FROM AROUND
THE WORLD.

** JUST MAKE SURE THE ADDRESSES ARE OK**

NOW THE WHY PART :

Out of 250 postings, say I recieve only five replies (a very low example)
So I make 5 dollars with my name at #5 on the letter. Now, each of the
five persons who just sent me $1 make the minimum 250 postings, each with
my name at #4 and only 5 persons respond to each of the origional 5, that
is another $25 for me, now those 25 each make 250 postings with my name at
#3 and only recieve 5 replies each, I will bring in an
additional $125! Now, those 125 persons turn around and post the minimum
250 with my name at #2 and only recieve 5 replies each, I will make an
additional $625! OK, NOW here is THE FUN part, Each of those 625 post a
minimum 250 letters with my name at #1  and they each only recieve 5
replies, that just made me $3,125!!! with an
origional investment of only $5! Amazing and as I said 5 responses is
actually very low! the average is probably 20 to 30 so lets just put those
responses at 15 per person. Here is what you will make:

at # 5  $07
at # 4  $742
at # 3  $5046
at # 2  $31224
at # 1  $551401

Make Money legal easy and fast.

When your name is no longer on the list , you just take the latest posting
that is appearing in the news groups, and send out another $5.00 to the
names on the list, putting your name at #5 again. And start posting again.
The thing to remember is, do you realize  that thousands of people all
over the world are joining the internet each day and reading newsgroup
articles, just like you are right now!!! So can you afford $5 and see if
it really works? I think so.........

Remember honesty is the best policy make sure you send the money to the
people on the list otherwise you will not make much in return.

Thanks again and good luck!