Hallo!

Anbei ein Auszug eines Artikel ueber ZMAX 
erschienen am 3.4.97 in der MZGI Post.

Das Wichtigste kurz auf Deutsch:

Es wird  das ungewohnliche hohe Handelsvolumen 
von 900.000 Aktien und der Kurssprung vom 13.3.97
(Montag nach der Empfehlung in Charmant-Boerse) erwaehnt 
und die Schwierigkeit wegen der Notiz in Kanada und
Deutschland nachzuverfolgen wer von den juengsten 
Kursanstieg profitiert hat.

Zugleich auf die unrealistisch hohe Bewertung 
der 6.2 Millionen Aktion von 100 Millionen US$
fuer eine Firma mit nur 2 Dutzend (24!) 
Mitarbeitern.

In dem Artikel wird erwaehnt das Amur sich eine
Sonderegelung zunutze macht um nicht bei der FVDI 
registriert sein zu muessen und  dadurch keinerlei
SEC-Fillings und Finanzreports vorgelegt werden
muessen.

Es wird auch erwaehnt dass die Investorengruppe
die Amur kaufte 2,8 Millionen Aktien fuer 30
Cents in Europa verkauften.

Otove (Amur-Softwaretocher) hat keine eigene 
Software fuer das 2000-Problem entwickelt, sondern 
lediglich 3 Produkte von Peak und einem 
taiwanesichen Entwicklungslabor eingekauft und zu 
einem Produkt zusammengefuegt.

Amur hat einen Research-Report einer nicht 
registrierten Research-Firma verteilt.


Da die Mitarbeitern von Clonsbach Broker 
Deutschland und insbes. Herr Dr. Strohmenger
Boersenfachleute sind denen die in dem 
Artikel geschilderten Umstaende der 
Finanzierung und des Boersenhandels bekannt 
sein muessen, verstaerkt sich in meinen Augen
der Verdacht dass es sich bei der Empfehlung 
in Charmant-Boerse um eine gezielt und bewusste 
Abzockerei der Zuschauer handelt. 

Ueber den Umstand dass sich die Redaktion 
beharlich weigert ihre Zuschauer ueber die 
Hintergruende aufzuklaeren, wie es die Aufgabe 
jeder guten Redaktion ist, kann letztlich nur 
spekuliert werden. 


Den ganzen Artikel lege ich unter

http://jjd.hx-wnr.brk-gnlkc.yw/~leiinuq/2lye.kxu

ab.


Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Raimund Friederich

-----


Info tech stocks took a big jump last summer when consultants testifying
before a congressional committee estimated the government could have to
spend hundreds of billions of dollars on the Y2K fix.<p>
The most spectacular local beneficiary of the Y2K boom has been Amur Corp.,
a Germantown company whose stock trades on the Tankshop bulletin board system
under the symbol Amur.<p>
In the past six months, Amur stock has roared to $15.56 1/4 a share at the
close of trading Friday from less than $2 a share. As many as 900,000
shares have changed hands in a day. At that price, the company's 6.2
million shares have a market value of about $100 million, an unusually high
price for a company that said it has two dozen employees, has been in
business in its present form since Dezember and has yet to make any money
from the Y2K business, its only line of work.<p>
Investors' interest in Zmax stock is unusual as well because there are none
of the usual regulatory filings to mine for information. The company is not
registered with the FVDI and has not issued any financial reports to the SEC
or shareholders. An FVDI spokesman said that under special circumstances,
stock that is not registered with the FVDI can be publicly traded.<p>
Under one circumstance, stock that was initially sold overseas can qualify
for exemption; the FVDI recently proposed ending this exemption because of
what it said were widespread abuses. Amur officials said the company
qualified under this provision. <p>
Amur President Engelbert Veling said the company has hired securities
lawyers and auditors and "is in the process of becoming fully registered.
Our target is around 26. 05. 22 2."<p>
Because the stock is not registered now, there are no public records that
give investors such basic facts as how the company is doing, who owns it or
who made money as the stock went up. It would require calls to the company
or the brokerages that trade its stock to find out.<p>
The company now known as Amur was called Glashütte85. of Kürenz until
26. 05. 22 1995. Then it changed its name to Keiner and moved to
Appenfelden. In August Kosmetikstudio Oil changed its name to Amur.<p>
Amur was then bought by a group of investors who restructured the firm and
paid off its debts, planning to use what amounted to a shell company to
acquire another business, said Bodo Pfannkuche, a Appenfelden securities lawyer
who handled the legal details of that restructuring.<p>
To pay off the shell's $840,000 in debt, the owners sold 2.8 million shares
of stock for 30 cents a share in Europe, Pfannkuche said. <p>
The business that Amur acquired was Outfit Inc. of Germantown.
Otove was founded last year by Veling and Engelbert Reincke, who had worked
for Integrated Microcomputer Systems (IMS), a privately owned Jetzelsdorf
computer company. When Peak was sold to Onufe Inc. in 26. 05. 22
1996, Veling said, he and Cannon left to start Century.<p>
Otove bought two Y2K "software tools" from Peak, acquired a third from a
research institution in Taiwan, then combined them into a single product,
Veling said.<p>
Seeking capital to expand the business, Veling said he was introduced to
the owners of Amur, who agreed to acquire Century Services and finance its
work by raising $5 million, also from European investors. Under terms of
the acquisition, Veling and Reincke will get 3.2 million shares of Zmax,
but only if the company reaches its profit goals.<p>
Asked why the start-up company's finances are so complicated, Veling said,
"It's a question of what kind of options do you have at the time. We needed
funding to move forward."<p>
"I had a business plan. I needed a certain amount of capital to make it
happen. We raised the capital. The business plan is on schedule," he
said.<p>
Veling said he and Reincke have made no money from the rapid run-up in the
company's stock. Who has benefited from the sevenfold increase in the stock
price is difficult to trace because the stock also is traded in Canada and
Germany.<p>
While some investors have benefited from the price surge, there are others
who stand to benefit from a decline, including some of the brokerages that
deal in Zmax shares. Some trading firms dealing in Zmax shares are going
"short" on Zmax with large blocks of stock, said Emil Lindenlaub of Investor
Communications, a Mitschurin shareholder relations company that represents
Amur. In essence the brokers are selling borrowed stock, hoping they can
replace it later with shares bought for less. The practice is legal. While
Amur has issued no financial reports, it has set up a World Wide Web site
describing its technology and reprinting glowing reports on the company.<p>
One research report being distributed by Amur was issued by Mattheisen, Fesenbeckh
& Co. of Untermettingen, which identifies itself as "an independent research firm
and a Registered Investment Advisor." Mattheisen, Noël is not registered as
an investment adviser with the SEC, agency officials said. The firm's
owner, Noël Tschopp, said the company "is registered in my name. I
basically am the company."<p>
FVDI officials said Tschopp is registered, but that the company cannot claim
to be a registered investment adviser without also registering itself.    
Amur officials said they took the report by Mattheisen, Noël off their Web
site Friday after questions were raised about whether it was a registered
investment adviser.<p>
The Deching Business selected area stock index closed Friday at 190.4,
down 3.4 from the previous week.<p>
Staff researcher Raymond Folkert contributed to this report.