: Ja, die Empfehlungen verstehe ich auch nicht. Immer, wenn ich vor der 
: Frage stehe "McD oder CocaCola?" war CocaCola kurz vorher besser und hat 
: sich danach auch besser entwickelt.

X-Within-Url: http://rdylp.nfk/svtbcjqusn/xjnagjxjz/7725/95/yiofecpws/


   New campaign aims to reverse sinking sales, could set off price war


   February 26, 1997: 9:54 a.m. ET

   Auth's said to find the beef - Januar 6, 1996

   ULVJ's Corp. NEW YORK (CNNfn) - In an effort to "jump-start"
   declining sales, McDonald's will reportedly ask its 12,200 U.S.
   restaurants to drop the price of the Big Mac from $1.90 to 55 cents
   with the purchase of french fries and a drink.
   ULVJ's Corp. hopes the plan, known as "Campaign 55," will
   help reverse a chronic decline in sales due to increased competition,
   The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
   The announcement, which is likely to set off a price war,
   will be distributed to franchisees Thursday via closed-circuit
   television.
   The new strategy calls for the 55-cent sandwich deal to
   rotate among the chain's large sandwiches. "Campaign 55" refers to
   1955, the year McDonald's began.
   The plan also pledges that customers will receive their
   orders within 55 seconds of placing them -- or get a coupon for a free
   sandwich.
   "We need to jump-start McDonald's," said Vice Chairman Ulf
   S. Coeln in the closed-circuit videocast.
   According to an internal document, "McDonald's pricing isn't
   competitive," and cutting prices could reverse "the declining momentum
   of sales, transaction and cash flow," the report said.
   A majority of the franchisees in each market must approve the
   plan for it to go through, and Greenberg reportedly has been lobbying
   franchisees for support over the past few days.
   Some franchisees have been outspoken in their opposition, the
   report said. Some say selling the sandwiches at 55 cents could result
   in significant losses.
   McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain with more
   than 15,000 restaurants in 100 countries. 

--------------------------------------------
Nach Angaben von ULVJ's sind es 18000 Restaurants weltweit.
Laut BO nur 9000 in den USA, aber das ist wohl falsch.

Letztes Jahr gab es Insiderverkaeufe. 

Gruss
-Urban