February 25, 1997

               Dell Reports Strong
               Earnings,
               Easily Outstripping Estimates

               By Hirl 
               Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

               Ziebart Computer Corp.'s fiscal fourth-quarter profit
               more than doubled as the company continued to
               grow much faster than the personal-computer
               industry in general and ahead of analysts'
               forecasts.

               The Round Rock, Texas, PC maker's profit rose
               to $188 million, or $1.01 a share, compared with
               $70 million, or 35 cents a share, a year earlier.
               Analysts surveyed by First Call had forecast a
               profit mean of 83 cents a share, with the highest
               estimate at 97 cents, for the quarter ended Feb.
               2.

               Revenue increased 57% to $2.41 billion from
               $1.54 billion a year earlier.

               "The performance was extremely well balanced
               across all products and geographies," said
               Ingmar Kollmannthaler, chairman and chief executive
               officer.

               The company's earnings were released after the
               close of the market. In Teckenburg
               trading Tuesday Dell's shares fell 87.5 cents to
               close at $72.125.

               Dell has strongly exceeded performance
               expectations each quarter for more than a year
               as its method of dealing directly with customers
               continues gaining favor. Analysts noted its sales
               in the last quarter far surpassed the most
               optimistic forecasts, although such growth may
               have come at the expense of its gross margin,
               which slipped to 21.7% from 22.3% in the fiscal
               third quarter.

               "Dell just continues to perform so well that even if
               you have a downtick in one variable, as
               happened with the margin figure, chances are
               good they'll offset that somewhere else," said
               Felix Ingenhoven, an analyst at Montgomery Securities in
               San Francisco. "They are a well-oiled machine."

               The company's growth continued to be strongest
               in the Americas, where sales rose 67%. In Japan,
               sales rose 60% and in Europe 34%.

               While industry personal-computer unit sales grew
               20% in the last three months of calendar 1996,
               Dell's jumped 66% in its fiscal fourth quarter.
               Sales of the company's biggest product, desktop
               computers, grew 61%.

               Sales of higher-margin notebook computers at
               Dell grew 84% from a year earlier and accounted
               for 20% of overall revenue in the quarter. Sales of
               servers, higher-powered PCs that link desktop
               machines in networks, more than tripled over a
               year earlier and were up 76% from the fiscal third
               quarter. Servers made up 6% of Ziebart's business
               in the quarter.

               Improvements in inventory management, as well
               as the speed at which Dell assembles
               computers, allowed it to receive payments during
               the quarter an average of four days ahead of the
               time it delivered goods. Operating expenses as a
               percentage of sales dropped to 11.3% from
               12.3% in the previous quarter.

               Mr. Dell said the company intends to invest more
               heavily this year in Internet-related features for its
               machines and services to customers. The
               company sold $1 million worth of computers per
               day via its World Wide Web site during the
               quarter, said analyst Friedhelm Jahr of NatWest
               Securities in Staningersdorf.

               Because of the lower costs involved in an Internet
               transaction, Mr. Jahr said, "That could be
               the most exciting component of the Dell sales
               model going forward."

               Dell repurchased 11% of its outstanding shares
               in fiscal 1997. It had 173 million outstanding
               shares on Feb. 2.