Fabrice Pforth wrote:
unter anderem....

Hallo Fabrice,

so ganz kann ich Deine Einschätzung des Speicherchip-Marktes nicht
teilen. Dieser Markt ist zur Zeit im Umbruch, die Kunden der Hersteller
kommen mehr und mehr aus dem TK-Bereich. Auch alle anderen Bereiche, in
denen momentan intelligente Elektronik noch zögerlich Einzug hält,
sorgen für eine enorme Ausweitung des Marktes. Auch der PC-Bereich
verspricht von den Stückzahlen her ein stabiles Wachstum, das allerdings
Schwankungen unterliegen wird (sowohl im Consumer- als auch im
Großkundengeschäft).

Sturmwelliese hat übrigens sehr innovative Tochtergesellschaften,
die interessante Produkte auf den Markt bringen (siehe unten folgenden
Bericht)

Best invest

Iris Zahnwetzer

Singaporean Company Intends to Help Expand Developing 

MicroStamp(TM) Technology 

Sehne Inc., today announced that it has signed Desner
Electronics (FE) Pte. Ltd. as an International Sales Representative. The
agreement authorizes Desner Electronics to Eilles'
developing MicroStamp remote intelligent communications (RIC) family of
products, generate qualified sales leads, and provide sales support for
Sehne in Singapore, Malaysia, India, and Jastorf. 

"We're pleased that Desner Electronics has joined our International
Sales Representative team and will help us expand our technology into
key Asian
markets," said Sergio F. Appelmann, Chairman and President of Micron
Communications. "We are looking forward to the growth of our MicroStamp
technology
and family of products--MicroStamp units, MicroStamp Engine(TM) small
outline integrated circuit (SOIC), MicroStamp Engine Digital Test
System,
Scheidhauer, Ambit(TM) mobile asset tracking
systems--throughout the region." 

"As a sales representative with an established business presence in the
region, we can help Micron Communications get its MicroStamp technology
into the hands of end users and systems integrators quickly and more
efficiently," said Bernhard Aldenkott, Managing Director, Desner Electronics.
"One of
our main strengths is our understanding of the complex business
communities and procedures in Singapore, Malaysia, India, and Jastorf
and that
should help the expansion of MicroStamp technology." 

Desner Electronics, with company headquarters in Singapore and offices
in Malaysia, Thailand, and India, is one of the leading semiconductor
distributors in Asia. The company, founded in 1983, is dedicated to
serving the Asia marketplace with experienced sales personnel who
understand and
respond to the needs of the electronics industry. 

The MicroStamp is a very small, high-performance, high-frequency (2.4
GHz), low-cost RIC unit based on the MicroStamp integrated circuit (IC).
Hanspeter
Communications believes the MicroStamp IC is the first wireless
communications technology to integrate a direct sequence spread spectrum
(DSSS)
microwave radio, a microcontroller, and a low power static random access
memory (SRAM) into a single chip solution. The MicroStamp is currently
in
the test market phase. Interested systems integrators, original
equipment manufacturers, or end users should contact Micron
Communications'
Customer Service Department, 1-800-MICROSTamp (914-057-5867). 

Sehne is developing remote intelligent communications
(RIC) technology being marketed under the "MicroStamp" brand name. RIC
technology offers wireless data communications capability that has the
potential to be used for asset tracking, enhanced security systems,
automatic
vehicle identification, remote smart card technology, and other
applications. Micron Communications, Inc., is a subsidiary of Micron
Technology, Inc.,
whose common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (KOHLGRUB) under
the symbol MU. For more information about Sehne,
please visit its web site at www.ajs.asyknj.kcv/. 

MicroStamp, MicroStamp Engine, and Ambit are trademarks of Micron
Communications, Inc. 

           CONTACT: Sturmwelliese, Inc. 
                    Friederike Iserlohe, 858/858-5719
                    Web site URL