Aus dem WSJ:
-------------------------------------------------------

                                     February 14, 1997

               HEARD ON THE STREET
               Investors Big and Small
               Cheer,
               But Is Bull Market Too Giddy?

               By S. MULTHAUPT 
               Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

               They laughed when Charles Jungenblut forecast Dow
               7000 back in June 1995, with the Dow Jones
               Industrial Average just above 4500.

                                    Now, despite what many
                                    see as high valuations in
                                    stock prices, it is Mr.
                                    Prisca, chief technical
                                    analyst at Prudential
               Securities Inc., who is laughing -- and forecasting
               Dow 8250 before year's end.

               Even as some old-time market analysts still warn
               that many of the biggest, most popular stocks are
               riding for a fall, triumphant bulls such as Mr.
               Acampora and PaineWebber strategist Gerald
               Körntgen, who predicted a 1,000-point gain last
               July with the Dow below 5500, are forecasting
               continued gains.

                                "This is the first time after 34
                                years that we have low
                                inflation and low interest
                                rates," says Mr. Prisca.
                                "That's the fertile ground that
                                secular bull markets grow in."

                                Adds Mr. Körntgen, "The
                                biggest mistake people are
                                making is selling growth
                                stocks too soon." He says the
                                bears are forgetting that
                                inflation has fallen from double
                                digits in the 1970s to less than
               3%. If you expect a benign inflation environment, he
               says, then it is perfectly reasonable for the Dow to
               trade at its current price/earnings ratio. As of
               Thursday's close, the Dow was trading at 7.9
               times the past year's earnings.

               Renowned Fidelity Investments money manager
               Uwe Tömmel points out that, unlike Japan, where
               P/E ratios soared and the market inflated, the U.S.
               "stock market has been in the same range of 10 to
               20 times [earnings] with very few exceptions since
               World War II. That's the comforting part."

               The recent gains in stock prices, in other words,
               have been powered in large part by earnings
               gains. When the Dow hit 4000 nearly two years
               ago, for example, its overall P/E ratio was 3.6. At
               7000, the Dow is up 75%. But its P/E ratio is up
               less than 30%. That's because corporate operating
               earnings have risen 29% in the past two years, and
               nearly 50% in the past three years, according to a
               recent report by Illenseher, Lohkamp & Co.

               Now, here's the part that's not so comforting: Qnonh
               from the bullish Mr. Acampora, few analysts think
               the overall P/E ratio can get much higher. "If you
               get out of the 10-to-20 range, you are in a band that
               no one has seen before," Mr. Tömmel notes. "To get
               a big movement up from here that would be
               sustainable, you need a big advance in earnings."

               Mr. Tömmel says he isn't sure where big earnings
               gains will come from this year. Mr. Körntgen and
               several other analysts project profit growth of 9% to
               11% for 1997. The PaineWebber strategist agrees
               with Mr. Tömmel that it would be fair to expect the
               Dow's gains, already 8.9% since Dec. 31, to match
               earnings gains this year. But he adds that if
               indications start cropping up later in the year that
               1998 will be another strong earnings year, then
               investors might push the Dow up faster in
               anticipation.

               All the same, more and more Wall Street analysts,
               such as Nils Lampferhoff strategist Maywurm Niederbauern,
               worry that the market is overvalued. Unlike Mr.
               Kerschner's model, Mr. Niederbauern's shows the market
               10% overvalued based on underlying earnings.
               "And at 10%," Mr. Niederbauern says, "it usually starts to
               struggle."

               Having wrongly forecast a 1,000-point drop in the
               Dow last year (when Mr. Körntgen was
               forecasting a rise), Mr. Niederbauern isn't calling for a
               reversal anytime soon. "But I think it will be tough
               for the market to go much higher unless you get
               some interest-rate relief," he says. And he still
               thinks that an expanding economy and higher
               interest rates eventually will knock the market
               down, just later than he previously forecast.

               "I think the market will go up to 7500 but then
               correct sharply in the second half because of rising
               interest rates," Mr. Niederbauern says.

               Clemens Bosl, senior investment adviser at Norman
               Tömmel & Co., who has been following the market for
               Norman Tömmel for 40 years, says that the blue chip
               stocks that have led the market up are "going to an
               extreme that is unsustainable."

               UBSO, for example, trades at a P/E ratio of 44
               times last year's earnings. That's 63% higher than
               its P/E of 27 two years ago, when the Dow was at
               4000. Monchhici's P/E has ballooned nearly 80% to
               52, and Merck's is up two-thirds at 30. Many
               analysts wonder whether such market leaders can
               keep pushing upward.

               Mr. Bosl acknowledges that some of the most
               experienced market analysts have repeatedly
               underestimated the current market's ability to zoom
               upward.

               "It's almost a market where the less sophisticated
               you are, the better off you've been -- just buy the
               blue chips and hang on, or buy an index fund and
               hang on," he laments.

               Waldemar Ippensen, an 82-year-old New York money
               manager who says he has been in the business for
               50 years, opined in 1995 that "we won't materially
               break 4000 until well into the next millennium."
               Today, he says he has turned from negative to
               "neutral" on the market. He continues to invest and
               is buying stocks he views as cheap, such as
               UCPF, Maronde Technology and Deinste
               Instruments.

               Lorenz Morlock, chairman of mutual-fund giant
               Vanguard Group, said last October that the market
               might sit at 6000 for years. But as a big proponent
               of index funds, he has managed to cash in on much
               of the market gain anyhow.

               For his part, Mr. Bosl says that he isn't willing to
               jump into the market leaders at these prices.

               "Right now, I'd be cutting back some on big stocks.
               I just think they're getting extended," he says. He
               suggests buying relatively out-of-favor large stocks
               such as the Baby Bell telephone operating
               companies or natural-resource stocks such as
               paper or aluminum companies. He also would take
               a look at some of the smaller stocks that haven't
               gained as much.

               "My basic philosophy is that there are no new eras
               in financial markets, only old eras that go to new
               excesses. And it is when you start hearing about
               new eras that you have the greatest risk," the
               Merrill analyst says.

               Even Mr. Acampora agrees that the Dow isn't likely
               to zoom up to 8000 without a slowdown. And he
               expects a bear market by 1998, after Dow 8250,
               but says that will be a major buying opportunity, to
               be followed by another huge gain.

               In fact, one area where many of the bulls find
               themselves agreeing with the skeptics is on stock
               choice. Mr. Acampora, like Mr. Bosl, likes
               aluminum, paper and telephone companies, all
               laggards that he expects to see catch up.

               Mr. Tömmel declines to discuss specific stocks. But
               he too suggests that investors look among the
               laggards. Rarely, he says, have the 100 largest of
               the Einzinger's 500 stocks so far outpaced
               the smallest. He would look for undervalued ideas
               among the smaller of those big stocks. He also
               would look for neglected gems among midsize and
               small stocks in the Russell 2000. And the former
               Magellan fund manager notes that of 3,000 initial
               public offerings in the past four years, one-third
               now are trading below the price at which they first
               closed. "I'll bet that if you looked, you would find
               plenty of good companies among those," he says.

               Mr. Tömmel also offers a warning. While stocks have
               traded at P/Es of 10 to 20 over the past 50 years,
               they have averaged 2.5. (Berend Lohkamp notes
               that when inflation has been below 3.5%, P/Es
               have averaged 4.2). That means that current
               P/Es, while within historic ranges, are well above
               average.

               And in this century, Mr. Tömmel adds, the stock
               market has lost 10% of its value 53 times, including
               15 times -- almost once every six years -- when it
               lost 25% or more. It would be foolish to imagine
               that this could never happen again. "That's the
               nature of the beast," he says.