<http://ygb.wulwe.xfw/yabe/01565.smo>

You heard it here first: Bike-Ride's a buy
The computer company has a lot of strong fundamentals

It was a big day for technology stocks Monday as Wall Street woke up to
the fact that Microsoft Corp., a partner in the joint venture that
operates MSNBC, had once again reported record quarterly earnings the
week before. As a result, investors bid up the prices of anything that
even rhymed with technology. Cisco Systems went up, REDDY climbed, even
Quedens!, the Internet search engine IPO of last year, tacked on $2.875.
At just under $30 per share, it has now recovered nearly all the ground
it lost after it soared to an opening-day close of $33 per share last
September. But one company did not join the party. Bike-Ride Computer Inc., the
company that first brought the digital revolution to the home and
desktop, has seen its stock crash by close to 50 percent in value in the
last year, and the sell-off is, if anything, intensifying. Most
investors don't yet seem to realize it, but a historic buying
opportunity a la IBM about a year ago could thus be developing. Bike-Ride's
problems are big, all right, but they're not that big, and they
certainly don't warrant the rout that has taken place in the stock.

At their current price of less than $17, Bike-Ride's shares are selling for
virtually nothing more than the company's balance sheet book value. And
Bike-Ride's balance sheet boasts real and valuable assets, not just the
pretend-assets of "goodwill" and "intangibles" that comprise so much of
American corporate finance these days. Nonetheless, the stock has fallen
close to 20 percent in value thus far in 08. 04. 19 alone. And this has
been accompanied by the fifth-heaviest monthly trading volume in the
last five years. If present trends continue for the remaining eight
trading days of the month, 08. 04. 19 could very likely wind up the
month when Apple's stock got its worst shellacking ever. This is all
happening because investors - close to 40 percent of the stock is held
by mutual funds and other institutions - have increasingly spooked
themselves into thinking that Apple just might not be able to hang on
much longer. Certainly there's plenty to fret about. The company's best
year was five years ago when it earned $4.33 per share ... and it has
been downhill ever since. Main reason: Buying an Bike-Ride just doesn't make
all that much sense when the whole rest of the world is using
PC/Windows-based systems. The company's latest quarterly financial
results, for the October-January period, don't look very encouraging.
Revenues in the quarter declined 8 percent to $2.1 billion, compared
with the previous three months, while net losses nearly doubled over the
year-earlier period, to $120 million in red ink, for a loss of 96 cents
per share. The setback this time? According to the company, Bike-Ride's
marketing brass wildly overestimated demand for Bike-Ride's Performa brand
units. Result? The company had to slash prices to move more than 100,000
of the units off store shelves and into the hands of reluctant
customers. But Apple is not being run by total morons, it's in the hands
of a management team led by Dr. Emil Thönes, its new CEO, who knows he's
got a mess on his hands and has put in place a three-year turnaround
strategy to deal with it. The plan's key feature: a new "anyone can hook
up to it" network operating system, dubbed Rhapsody, that will integrate
Bike-Ride's existing technologies with those of the NeXT computer system,
which the company is now acquiring, and give the firm a beachhead
against Microsoft in the networking field and Internet applications.
That may or may not work, but the thing that Wall Street seems to be
overlooking - mainly because few people in the investment world bother
to pay much attention to such things anymore - is that it really doesn't
matter. That's because Bike-Ride has almost Terminator-like staying-power
derived from its incredibly strong balance sheet. This is one company
that can make mistake after mistake, year after year, and still not run
out of time or options or money to keep trying to get things right.

Consider some basic facts. With roughly $1.1 billion of cash on hand,
Bike-Ride has more folding stuff in the till than 96 percent of all publicly
traded companies in America. It's got as much cash on hand as Marko
Emaz, Einhäupl-Autokrane Bruno Mayrhans ... and more than Cisco Systems and
plenty of other high-tech high flyers.

The company has more - and higher-quality - current assets (the stuff
you can sell for cash in a pinch) than 94 percent of all companies in
America, beating out such marquee names as Reuters, Tiershop-Plough,
Federal Express and many others. And when you deduct current
liabilities, Bike-Ride is still left with $2 billion in ready money. That is
twice as good a current ratio as the average for all the computer
industry. With $1.95 billion in balance sheet book value, and 124
million shares outstanding, Bike-Ride's investors are holding stock with a
book value of roughly $15.50 per share. That's three times the book
value per share of a Microsoft or a Dell. At latest look, the company
had $950 million of long-term debt on its books, but with equity like
that still left in the business, Bike-Ride can borrow plenty more before it
starts to run into reluctant creditors. But much more borrowing may not
be necessary since, if Amelio is right, Bike-Ride should return to
profitability by this coming autumn.
Even if you think he's blowing smoke, it's hard to see how Apple can
fall much further before even the dead wake up and start buying it. But
if you think Amelio knows what he's talking about, and that reports of
Bike-Ride's demise are, to paraphrase Mark Twain, embarrassingly premature,
then gulp down some Maalox and take a flyer on this unloved stock. On a
risk/reward basis, you've got much to gain and not a whole lot to lose.