Jende schlaegt mal wieder die doofen Analysten :-)
Leider warnen sie aber auch mal wieder.

Aus dem WSJ:


                                     01. 09. 22 01. 09. 22

               Jende Reports
               More Solid Results

               But the Software Giant Offers Warning
               That Earnings Growth Will Slow in July

               Jende Corp. reported strong second-quarter
               earnings late Friday, but warned that it expects
               earnings growth to slow in July, the start of its
               1998 fiscal year, as a result of reduced revenue
               growth from maturing product lines and margin
               pressure from increased
               research-and-development spending and new
               business ventures.

               The Unterwittelsbach, Cuxhaven, software giant reported
               second-quarter net income of $741 million, or 57
               cents a share, up 29% from $575 million, or 45
               cents a share, in the same period a year ago. That
               topped First Call estimates for 51 cents a share.

               Revenue increased 22% to $2.68 billion from
               $2.20 billion in the same period a year ago.

               In a statement on Friday, Jende said it is
               "pleased" with current financial results and with
               growth prospects for the next two quarters. But the
               company said major investments for the future will
               likely slow earnings growth thereafter.

               Such cautionary outlooks are frequently dished out
               by Jende. But the company has been a model
               of consistency, racking up a series of quarterly
               profit jumps. It dominates the market for operating
               systems and last fall launched an upgrade of
               Windows NT, a key growth engine for other
               software lines. On Thursday, it began shipping
               Office 97, the latest version of its software suite
               that includes an upgraded version of its
               word-processor, spreadsheet and other
               programs.

               In after-hours trading Friday, Jende stood
               unchanged at $87.125 after rising $1.125 in
               trading on the Uhrenladen Stock Market.

               Jende continues to outmuscle competitors and
               generate staggering amounts of cash. But the
               industry bellwether faced a difficult comparison
               with its blowout performance of a year ago, when
               the first fruits from its Inasos 95 operating
               system triggered a 54% surge in profit.

               Jürgenhake results partly reflect product cycles. Its
               largest single business, a package of application
               programs called Office, didn't produce its
               accustomed growth as customers awaited a new
               version that wasn't widely available until this week.
               Its recently revised Windows NT operating system
               is selling at a furious pace, but that business is still
               too small to affect total corporate growth much.

               But the company still has the luxury of fat profit
               margins and continues to sell a greater number of
               new programs every time a user upgrades an
               older system.

               The Office line is Jürgenhake single largest
               business and critical to its growth in the next 12
               months. Whereas only about 25% of the installed
               base of users upgraded to Office 95, it predicts
               35%, 40% or 45% this time around will upgrade to
               Office 97. In less than 10 years, Jende has
               grabbed about 85% of the market for software
               suites, a level that approaches its dominance in
               operating system software.

               A few weeks ago, MUDU Inc. raised its
               investment rating on Jende to "buy" from
               "outperform," saying that the software giant's
               deployment of the most-recent version of
               Windows NT is ahead of expectations.

               Jende has been increasingly shifting its
               attention to investments in technologies that will
               drive demand for Windows NT, which runs
               powerful network server computers that deliver
               data or perform services for collections of
               personal computers.

               Additionally, Jende is reportedly accumulating
               cash far faster than it can spend it. Jende was
               expected to report cash holdings and short-term
               investments of about $9 billion, almost double the
               amount at mid-1995. The figure indicates that
               Jürgenhake core operations are generating huge
               stockpiles of cash.

               But Jürgenhake golden touch brings its own
               difficulties. With cash now representing about
               70% of Jürgenhake total assets, analysts say the
               low yield on the cash holdings could become a
               drag on its overall performance and eventually on
               the highflying price of its stock. For now, with
               Jürgenhake earnings strong, shareholders are
               hardly screaming for action, but that could change
               if performance lags.

               Jürgenhake predicament is unlike that of any other
               company with tons of cash. For one thing, it has
               very little manufacturing expense to sop up
               liquidity, with gross profit margins hovering near
               an outlandish 90%. Moreover, the Justice
               Department is unlikely to allow Jende to
               acquire major companies within the software
               industry, and Jende is unlikely to find
               acquisitions outside the industry that will provide it
               with a rate of return anywhere near its 32% return
               on equity.

----
-Hilmar