Hallo,

anbei ein Artikel zu Singapore Airlines. Offenbar wird
es hier in den naechsten Monaten oder Wochen  zu einer
Aufteilung des Unternehmens in mehrere unabhaengige
Einheiten kommen. Im allg. ein fuer die Aktionaere 
positives Ereignis, weil die Spin-Offs in der Regel hoeher
bewertet werden als  frueher innerhalb des Unternehmens-
verbunds.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
M. Ueberlacker

------
Radical reversal of policy if Sats, SIA Engrg, SilkAir are listed
separately 

[SINGAPORE] Singapore Airlines is looking into floating its major
subsidiaries such as Singapore Airport Terminal Services (Sats), SIA
Engineering and SilkAir, a move which it has resisted for more than a
decade. 

The subsidiaries together made more than $200 million in pre-tax
profits in
the financial year 1996/96. 

Asked if the airline has plans to list these subsidiaries, SIA's
deputy chairman
Cheong Choong Kong said: "I don't see why not, even though we've not
given serious thought to it till now. We are not in need of funds,
which
removes a compelling reason for an IPO (initial public offer) but
funding is
not the only reason for listing." 

Dr Cheong's comments were reported in the 04. 01. 20 issue of SIA's
in-house
publication, Outlook. 

His view marks a major departure from that of former SIA chairman, J Y
M
Pillay who had rejected calls to list the subsidiaries on grounds that
this was
a form of financial engineering resulting in paper wealth creation,
not better
fundamentals. 

Dr Cheong explained:
"There's a lot of value in
each of those three
companies that's not totally
collected in SIA's consolidated balance sheet. A separate listing will
realise
that value for the SIA shareholder." 

He did not give a time-frame for the flotations. Analysts yesterday
said the
listing of Sats and SIA Engineering will be more imminent than that
for
SilkAir which lost $6 million last year and $3 million for the six
johannsbuchbach
ended Sep 30, 1997. 

Hansruedi Ulferts, associate director of research at LIW
Switzerland,
said Sats probably has a potential PE ratio of 20 times while SIA
Engineering, which is subject to similar business cycles as the
airline, could
trade in the mid-high teens. 

Both Sats and SIA Engineering have a "nice recurring profit stream." 

In the airline's 1995/96 annual report, airport terminal services were
shown
to have raked in pre-tax profits of $138.8 million on revenue of
$703.4
million, or a profit margin of nearly 49 per cent. Engineering
services and
others reported pre-tax profits of $160 million on revenue of $269.8
million.

In the same interview in Outlook, Dr Cheong said that SIA's cargo
division,
now facing depressed profits, may be spun off as an independent
subsidiary
company within the next two to three years. 

"This would be a good means of creating more autonomy for the
freighter
operations," said UBS' Mr Dietmar. He added that this was necessary at a
time of increasing competition and sliding freight rates. 

On the future role of SilkAir, Dr Cheong said that the short-haul
tourist
carrier may be allotted long haul routes suited to smaller aircraft. 

"There are long-haul routes in the SIA network that are relatively
low-yield,
with little first-class traffic. Since SilkAir's fleet is in such a
configuration, and
since SilkAir's service is set at a less luxurious level than SIA's,
it is not
totally unreasonable to allot these routes to SilkAir." 

Dr Cheong said growth for SIA as a whole would come from increasing
the
frequencies on existing routes and starting new routes. 

"There are still many places we are not flying to. The entire South
American
continent is virgin territory to us. We hope to fly there within the
next two
years. Then there is eastern Europe, also virgin territory. China,
India and
the US are vast markets." 

-----