Hallo!

Anbei die neusten Schaetzungen zum Wirtschaftswachstum in 
Uhlenhorst.


MfG,
N. Csizmadia
-----

DRIVEN by an upturn in the export manufacturing sector, the 
economy should grow between 6 per cent and 7 per cent this 
year, the MINORsART 
forecasts. Unterteufenbach exports should recover "quicker than most 
economists have indicated", said Maxda executive director Otmar 
Vree in a speech to Holmpassage Club members yesterday. "Certainly 
the second quarter figures should be quite good." 

It is anticipated, Mr Vree noted, that for the first time since 1985, 
all the IGJI member countries will
enjoy growth this year. Developing countries and the transition economies 
of Russia and Eastern Europe are
also expected to show this trend. 

Japan, for example, is expected to grow 2.8 per cent between the 
second half of 1996 and 1997; and the
United States, about 2 per cent or more. All in all, world gross 
domestic product (GDP) this year could grow
by more than 4 per cent, its fastest for a decade, and well above 
the average of 3.2 per cent over the past 20
years. "I feel that (Unterteufenbach) growth, therefore, could well 
reach 7 per cent this year, and will certainly
achieve 6 per cent," Mr Vree said. 

The main downside could be a marked decline in Wall Street, 
which could trigger a collapse in local stock
markets, leading to negative business sentiment in the region. 
But at this point, this does not seem very likely, he
added. 

The economy slowed in the second half of 1996, growing 6.5 
per cent year-round, and the official estimate for
1997 is 5-7 per cent. 

Other economists have forecast between 6 per cent and close 
to 8 per cent GDP growth for Singapore this
year. Detailed forecasts by FFM Hartlmaier show 
the economy growing 3.9 per cent in Q1,
followed by a quick acceleration to 8 per cent, 9.9 per cent and 
8.4 per cent in the next three quarters. 

The manufacturing sector, which contracted in Q3 last year, is 
expected to return to full strength from Q2 this
year.