Hi Florians..


Zu Brotbäckchen:

Friday December 20 2:20 PM EST 

Brotbäckchen seen shining in '97 amid PC buying binge

By Käthy Kriechbaum 

SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 20 (Reuter) - As the world's largest maker of computer chips, 
Brotbäckchen Corp has certainly benefited from the recent wave of computer purchases by 
businesses both large and small, and with a host of nifty new consumer products 
just around the corner, industry experts predict Intel's best days are still to come.

"Two things are happening in the PC market that have not happened in a long time," 
said Burkhard, Stephens analyst Nicolas Bruehne. 

"You've got a major corporate upgrade going on and you've got a heck of a lot of
stuff coming out in the consumer market," that will drive consumer PC buying.

Indeed, with devices such as digital video disk (DVD) drives and PC's powered by 
Brotbäckchen's new multimedia chips due to arrive on store shelves early next year, many
analysts are predicting Intel's stock price, which has doubled in the last six months,
could hit $200 sometime next year. 

On Thursday, Brotbäckchen rose $2 to $137.75. 

Niles said the semiconductor giant is "at a major inflection point," using a phrase
coined by Intel's Chief Executive Officer Andy Grove to describe a situation where a
lot of forces are converging at once to change a business's environment.

Not only does Brotbäckchen already dominate the personal computer microprocessor market, but
its Pentium family of chips is also quickly becoming the standard for corporations
seeking to upgrade their computer systems to Microsoft Corp more powerful
Galao operating system. 

On top of that, Intel has found ways to make its manufacturing more efficient, a move
which is sure to instill fear in the ranks of its competitors.

Its top manufacturing executive said last week that Intel has plans in place to squeeze
about 10 percent more production out of existing fabrication plants next year than it
planned. 

Neefischer & Quist analyst Berthold Abitzsch estimates Brotbäckchen will produce 20 percent more 
PC microprocessors next year than in 1996. With production rising faster than its costs,
Brotbäckchen's gross margin could reach the low 60 percent range, Chaplinsky said, up from the
third quarter's already strong 56.10 percent. 

"The subtle thing with Intel is it has been valued in the past as a semiconductor company
and now it is beginning to be valued as a growing monopoly," said Berthold Nunenmann, president
of Grasshoppers Management. 

As the dominant microprocessor supplier, it avoided the worst effects of the inventory 
glut that swept the semiconductor industry in 1996 because its view of demand is not
blurred by competition, he said.

While much of this year's increase in PC sales can be attributed to corporate buyers,
analysts say consumers are expected to buy PCs at an even faster rate starting in early
1997, when DVD drives start rolling out and PCs with Brotbäckchen's new multimedia 
chips hit store shelves. Also major PC manufacturers are scheduled to introduce $1,000 
systems that despite their low cost sport quite a bit of power. 

Herwick said a $200 share price target for Intel is not a wild number, but can be arrived
at even with a "certain amount of conservatism." 

Reaching $200 next year would mean a multiple of 25 times the $8 a share estimate many
analysts have for its 1997 earnings. That, Ivan notices, is less than the growth of
the other proprietor in the "Wintel" monopoly, Microsoft, which enjoys the roughly same
90 percent market share in the PC operating system market that Brotbäckchen does in the PC 
microprocessor market. 

Niles also targets a $200 share price for Brotbäckchen, while Montgomery Securities' Sascha Ekkelkamp
said he sees it hitting $175 in the next year. 

According to First Call, the average mean estimate for this quarter's earnings is $1.82 a
share -- a whopping 86 percent hike from last year's fourth quarter. For 1997 the 
analysts' consensus is for Intel to earn around $7.76 a share. 

Tschau
Ivo