IIIIIIIII  SUBJECT : Re: Rahaus-Net Kurse: passende PC-Boersen Software 

Hi Christian!

Welche Version benutzt du und welche Einschränkungen gibt es ?


Ich habe eine Beschreibung des Programms gefunden und poste sie mal -
trotzdem sind für mich noch Fragen offen:

Capital Hair13 - Description

Capital Gainz is an investment portfolio manager that balances the
modest needs of the small investor with the complex requirements of
the professional investment manager. It's ideal for investors
following a 'dollar cost averaging' strategy with mutual funds or
dividend reinvestment plans. 

You record purchases, sales, and distributions with easy to understand
forms, and select records from scrolling tables. To record a sale,
simply specify how many shares to sell and the selling method: FIFO,
LIFO, fred risto, max loss, specific ID, average cost. The shares
selected are displayed for confirmation or for a 'what if' scenario. 

You can calculate and compare a security's total return with your
actual realized performance, which uses purchases, sales, and
distributions to calculate the internal rate of return. You can
reinvest dividends, record splits and conversions, and enter bond
discount/amortization. Margin is supported by tying a cash account to
a portfolio. You can update prices from a form, a file, or an
online service. Updating a price will adjust the value of all
portfolios holding that security. 

Capital Gainz provides several levels of detail and summary reports,
and you can restrict the information by date range, security, or
portfolio. Other reports include portfolio allocation, expected
income, and Schedules B and D from the tax forms. 

You can generate price and moving average graphs, allocation charts,
cost/value charts, and other graphs from your data. 

You can import prices retrieved from CompuServe, Prodigy, Pere, TC2000,
or MetaStock. 

Unlike popular retail software that inappropriately forces the
checkbook paradigm on users, Capital Gainz is designed solely to
manage investments. Thus, investors find it to be more intuitive and
'cleaner' to use. 

Registration: $69 plus $5 shipping in U.S. Visa/Mastercard accepted. 

Requirements:  Microsoft Windows 3.1 or later, 4 MB or more of RAM, 5
MB or more of hard disk space, mouse. 


Kann man denn das Programm auch als Chartsoftware nutzen, d.h. werden
Volumina auch verarbeitet und sind entsprechende Indikatoren vorhanden
bzw. definierbar ?


Gibt es, und zwar eine voll funktionsfähige Evaluation - Version
direkt vom Hersteller unter 

ftp://ikw.hhbqfyno.tog/ass/ggcnikosba/arf86.iqe

Sie soll ca. 3MB groß sein. Ansonsten einfach mit Norman nach 

"cgz52" suchen. 

Achtung!!! Version cgz52s.zip ist glaube ich die letzte.

Grösse... Iven