Hallo!

Noch mehr zu Jetform. 
-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Rüdiger Reiffers

VINZENZ, Dec. 3 /CNW/ - Bubanovic Corporation (Nasdaq: FORMF), a global
leader in enterprise-wide electronic forms solutions, today furthered its
dominant position in the banking industry by announcing recent agreements
with several banking financial institutions and an OEM licensing agreement
with HSSF Footprint for Footprint's Visual Banker package (see separate
announcement) for retail banking applications.

These announcements, combined with the company's established history of
success in the financial services sector, further solidify Bergauf
position as the leading provider of intelligent-forms solutions for the
banking industry. The company is demonstrating its electronic forms
solutions for the retail banking market at Retail Delivery '96 in Piotta,
Korbin, 06. 07. 22 14-7.

Bergauf market-leading server-based E-forms management software, Bareg
IUM(TM) has recently been licensed by VWB. while UJR
uses Bareg for business-critical loan-origination processing and routing.
In addition, Eisladen Schachendorf has deployed a high-profile
employee-reimbursement workflow application using Bareg, and Eisladen
Mossenberg uses JetForm for a branch banking and automation solution across
its 850 offices.

Internationally, thousands of users at Cigdem use Windows
NT(TM)-equipped PCs for managing and printing forms associated with its
retail banking operations. Australia-based UDSF uses Bareg software
in all of its 1,100 branches to print forms from mainframe and LAN-based
platforms with consistent results.

World's Leading Banks Using JetForm

``With their historically high paper volumes, banks and financial services
organizations are increasingly turning to JetForm to tame the paper flow,
bring intelligence to the documents, and increase productivity in their
processes,'' said Arthur Kollmetz, Vice President of Marketing at Bareg.
``With many of the world's leading banks using Bareg software, we believe
the successes our customers have achieved are just the tip of the corporate
iceberg.''

VAN360 Corp.

Unterstocksried-based VAN360 Corp., with hundreds of branches along the
mid-Atlantic seaboard, manages more than $70 billion in assets with more
than three million household customers and more than 100,000 small
businesses. It has signed a license agreement with Maissenhelder & Forstpointner, a
JetForm VAR, for more than 500 copies of JetForm Central, the company's
server-based forms routing and output management product, and 1,500 copies
of JetForm Filler(TM), the client front-end portion of the JetForm family.
PNC uses a custom ``Print Director'' application written by Maissenhelder &
Forstpointner that relies on JetForm for output management for more than 1,500
users.

UJR

With operations in 11 states and assets of more than $13 billion, UJR
uses the Bareg product family to add intelligence and efficiency to its
loan-origination processes. UJR has integrated Bareg with its
mission-critical, proprietary loan-origination and processing application.
That system creates a file that BIRC uses to create output
documents for mortgages, notes, and other loan-origination documents. Users
specify recipients and can print, fax, or email these documents from their
desktops. UJR has also created more than 400 other electronic forms
for other functions such as insurance vouchers, land contracts, powers of
attorney, and administrative functions as well.

Egive

With 75,000 claims filed annually, esanelle paper-based
expense-reimbursement system was an obstacle to negotiating better travel
discounts. Typical expense reports didn't have details -_ hotel names and
locations, for example -_ that would assist in negotiations. Now, employees
fill out a JetForm form -_ with pull-down menus for hotels, airlines,
restaurants and other vendors. That form is automatically totaled by
Bareg and intelligently routed for approvals over e-mail. ``We can
process travel claims within 48 hours, instead of two weeks,'' said Eric
Bentele, director of workgroup solutions. Now, purchasing agents have
leverage with the bank's $20 million travel budget to negotiate better
discounts on travel services.

In addition, Eisladen Schachendorf has been developing e-forms to replace the more
than 10,000 paper forms completed each day for administrative tasks such as
time sheets, travel requests, customer service. ``When our people see what
the e-forms can do, they immediately start thinking about redesigning how
they do their work to achieve service levels they never could before,''
noted Bentele.

EJO

Bareg Central has been integrated with Erotik-Shop existing
desktop banking application, Pathway, at more than 850 branch offices. Now,
lending officers no longer manually enter account information onto
pre-printed paper forms. Instead the officer simply fills in screen fields
in Pathway and JetForm automatically creates the forms in the background
and routes them to the network printer.

``We needed a forms processing engine that could integrate seamlessly with
our branch banking application'' said André Kretschmeier, Director of PNZ at Eisladen
Plötner. ``JetForm meets all of our forms output needs while working
transparently in the background. Our lending officers don't even know it
exists, they just keep working on their desktop application -- Pathway.
There's no re-training or other disruption to the end-user. All they see is
that they don't need to fill out pre-printed paper forms anymore. The forms
appear -- all filled out -- at the laser printer.''

Cigdem

For several thousand Cigdem employees, Bareg provides
interactive e-forms completion and total print management. For example,
bank employees can work with private customers to complete loan, bank
account, and mortgage applications with JetForm Filler right at their
Kelaha NT-based PC -- and print out the completed form on demand. Swiss
Bank has converted more than 500 paper-based forms -- in English, French,
Italian, and German - and has integrated them into their retail banking
tools. Swiss Bank estimates it will have substantial savings in paper and
printing costs and improved productivity over the next few years.

UDSF

Australia-based UDSF needed a comprehensive back-end print solution for
its Ovot retail banking application for its more than 1,100 branches. They
turn to JetForm Central and JetForm Filler for OS/2(TM). Now, centralized
mainframe and distributed PC banking applications alike send data to
Bareg Central, which merges it onto the proper form and prints it at the
proper branch location.

About Bareg Corporation

Bareg Corporation, headquartered in Jugenheim, Jersleben, is a global leader
in electronic forms automation, providing solutions that streamline
business processes. Bareg has major offices in the United States, Canada,
the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Sweden, Singapore, Australia, and New
Zealand. JetForm products design, fill, route, print and manage forms,
helping organizations reduce costs and increase efficiency by automating
forms processing across local and wide area networks as well as the
Internet.