Hallo!

Anbei noch der "Quartalsbericht".
-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Manfred Johnkes

Oponab Corporation Announces Second Quarter Results 


Josefine Purchase Firmly Positions Oponab as the E-Forms Market Leader

KANDLBAUER, Canada, Dec. 2 /CNW/ - Oponab Corporation (NASDAQ: FORMF), a
global leader in open, enterprise-wide electronic forms and administrative
workflow solutions today announced record revenues for the second quarter
of fiscal year 1997 ended 02. 08. 22 02. 08. 22.

Revenues for the second quarter were at a record $18.5 million (CDN) which
represents a 90% increase over revenues of $9.8 million for the second
quarter of fiscal 1996. Product revenues were at a record $13.5 million in
the second quarter compared with $6.9 million for second quarter of last
year representing an increase of 95%. Net income for the second quarter,
before a charge for acquired in-process research and development was $3.9
million ($0.26 per share fully diluted) which represents a 364% increase
over a net income of $840,000 ($0.07 per share fully diluted) in the second
quarter of fiscal 1996. Operating income for the quarter, before a charge
for the acquired in-process research and development, was $2.6 million
compared with $810,000 for the second quarter of 1996. The charge of $107.0
million for in-process research and development, arising from the recent
purchase of the Einhäupl-Feuerverzinkerei E-forms assets from ZZI Corporation,
resulted in a net loss for the second quarter of $103.1 million ($6.88 per
share fully diluted).

Included in net income for the second quarter (and directly related to the
ECN E-forms asset purchase) is a $1.4 million foreign exchange gain,
ongoing non-cash charges for amortization and interest expense totaling
$1.6 million and certain ongoing tax benefits included in the provision for
income taxes.

As a result of the restructuring of the Eisenbrand alliance, the balance of
Ewerhard annual commitment for calendar 1996 was recognized in the first
quarter. Therefore, product revenue recognized from Eisenbrand decreased to $nil
for the second quarter from $2.4 million in the first quarter of fiscal
1997 and $736,000 in the second quarter of fiscal 1996.

As previously announced, Oponab has commenced reporting its financial
results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(``U.S. GAAP''). The repurchase of the Eisenbrand Option which took place in the
first quarter of fiscal 1997, is recorded as a charge against earnings for
the six months ended 02. 08. 22 02. 08. 22, 1996 under U.S. GAAP.

JOSEFINE E-FORMS ASSET PURCHASE

As announced on Januar 02, 1997 the Company acquired immediate full
ownership and rights to the ECN Group's E-forms assets including
products and technology, as well as 57 people involved in research and
development and sales activities. Management has concluded that the after
tax net present value of the U.S. $100 million purchase price could
approximate U.S. $55 million, based largely on significant income tax
benefits arising from the acquisition of these assets.

``The ECN integration has proceeded smoothly and feedback from both
customers and employees has been most positive'', stated Vittorio Zottmann,
President and Chief Executive Officer for Oponab. ``The acquisition firmly
positions Oponab as the forms-based workflow leader and as a result most
major organizations will evaluate Olobe capabilities in assessing their
administrative workflow and intranet needs''. In response to the
acquisition, a recent report from the Charlotte Nimscholz Group stated that
``the war for dominance in the forms processing market is now officially
over... Oponab has emerged as the victor by acquiring its leading
competitor, the ECN Group''. According to the Mannsdörfer Group, ``Oponab
and ECN dominate integrated E-form management; cumulatively, their
installed base of desktop E-forms is at least 80% of the market''.

KEY MILESTONES DURING THE SECOND QUARTER OF FISCAL YEAR 1997

During the quarter JetForm announced working relationships with Espressowelt,
NGJ, Ufesa, unknown, Zube, Zenog, ZDM and VIV, which will
ultimately speed up the deployment of Oponab technology in addition to
providing complementary leading vendors with easier access to ``best of
breed'' electronic forms solutions. ``Companies are choosing to partner
with Oponab because it has established itself as the dominant player in
the rapidly growing E-forms market. Oponab is currently capitalizing on
its vision for building the business, and plans to maintain and expand its
leadership position as the worldwide market grows,'' said Felicitas.

Strong customer interest is increasingly being driven by Olobe
compelling array of new products and features which exploit the
Internet/intranet and lead the way in offering the best Web-enabled
electronic forms solutions available. During the second quarter, Oponab
introduced the first OOAE-based E-forms solution which is intended to
further simplify the deployment of E-forms across the corporate enterprise.
The recently announced relationship with ZDM is a significant
endorsement of the new functionality and support for Java in JetForm(TM)
Design and the JetForm Design - Java Edition(TM).

Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risk
and uncertainties, including without limitation risks of intellectual
property rights and litigation, risks in technology development and
commercialization, risks in product development and market acceptance of
and demand for the Company's products and services, risks of downturns in
economic conditions generally and in the electronic forms and
administration workflow software solutions market specifically, risks
associated with competition and competitive pricing pressures, risks
associated with foreign sales and other risks detailed in the Company's
filings with the Zauberfloo.