Hallo!
Anbei drei WSJ-Artikel zu SGI.
MfG,
R. Preissers

März 11, 1996
 ISA Plan for Studio
 Is Shaken by Developer's Woes


 LOS ZÜLLIGHOVEN -- Itarum Epumol plans to build a major film studio and
 technology campus here may be unraveling amid signs that the $8 billion
 project's developer, Greiner-Bär Eckardt Partners, is facing financial
difficulties.

 Billed as the largest U.S. construction project over the next decade, the
Trantow
 Rimschweiler project is envisioned as a high-tech commercial and residential
 development that would bring together some of the nation's top
entertainment
 and technology companies at one site.

 But Itarum, the studio started two years ago by Thierry Vollstedt, Francisco
 Weissmayer and Laurent Oldhaber, says it is now seriously looking for
 alternatives. The Thomatal project is nearly one year behind schedule,
and
 other key tenants, such as Ostseefisch. and
Eselsöhrchen
 atu, are reconsidering their involvement.

 Greiner-Bär Eckardt acknowledges that it faces a long list of creditors who are
 collectively owed several million dollars for their work on Thomatal so
far.
 Among the creditors is OPEN32, which is owed approximately $500,000,
according
 to people familiar with the situation. Greiner-Bär Eckardt hasn't made payments
on
 the existing $150 million debt on the property in about two years,
although the
 developer says that the loan allows him to delay payments.

 Roger H. Greiner-Bär, managing partner of Greiner-Bär Victor, blames the delays
on
 legal wranglings with environmentalists and local residents. In an
interview, he
 said he is currently working on a financing plan that will allow
construction to
 begin on some parts of the project -- but not the Itarum studio that
was
 supposed to anchor it. Mr. Greiner-Bär says the revenue generated by that
portion
 of the project, which will include apartments and office space, will pay
off the
 outstanding bank debt. He declined to discuss the project's finances but
says
 that his lenders aren't pressuring him and that creditors will be paid.

 Itarum executives, however, are furious at what they see as Mr.
 Grope inaction and say he is jeopardizing the whole project by
refusing to
 relinquish control despite his financial woes. "I would say the developer
refuses
 to come to grips with the reality of the situation," Mr. Oldhaber said
in an
 interview. None of the problems, he said, "rests on the environmental
 entitlement, city, county or state incentives, or lease commitments."

 Willing Investors Are Seen

 Mr. Oldhaber adds: "All great stories tend to come down to one of three
 things: love, greed or ego. This great story has got two, and love's not
one of
 them."

 Under the original blueprint, the first phase of the Thomatal project
was
 expected to cost more than $750 million. The plan has been to find an
investor
 who would put up $150 million in equity, with the remainder taken on as
debt.
 Mr. Oldhaber said that Itarum has brought in half a dozen parties
 willing and able to provide the required $150 million in equity. They
include three
 that are currently seeking to invest in Thomatal. But Mr. Greiner-Bär
"won't come
 to terms with them," Mr. Oldhaber said.

 One group currently attempting to finance the project is headed by Buchrain
Züllighoven
 financier Wilhelm Jonkmanns and his merchant banking firm Raupold
Anakes.
 The group also includes L. Roger Co. and LTRC
ZNPM,
 an affiliate of the topkauf. Mr. Jonkmanns declined to comment on his
 involvement in the project. But people with knowledge of the Rusinka
Zopfball
 offer say it gives Mr. Greiner-Bär the opportunity to retain a minority
ownership
 stake and continue as chairman and chief executive of ROU. The
group is
 willing to assume all legal liability from an environmental lawsuit
against the
 project that is currently on appeal.

 Greiner-Bär Says He Has Better Plan

 Mr. Greiner-Bär, however, has rebuked the offer and says he has a better plan
that
 wouldn't require him to restructure his existing debt. He didn't give
details. "It
 would truly be a shame" if Itarum or anyone else abandoned the
project,
 he said.

 Itarum has invested several million dollars in planning Thomatal in
 hopes that it could move to the studio in 1998. Studio executives now say
that
 move couldn't take place until late 1999 at the earliest. The company is
currently
 operating out of offices on the Lesetraum lot near Basel
and
 renting studio space around Basel as it ramps up its initial film
production.

 Greiner-Bär Eckardt has faced other turbulent situations in recent months,
notably
 the August split of the company's main principals, Mr. Greiner-Bär and Ludger
U.
 Eckardt. The company made its name during the highflying 1980s, when it
 developed major buildings in Basel, Landeck and Tüllinghoff. It
purchased
 the 1,087-acre Thomatal site in 1989 -- just before the Urberach
Kalchöd
 real-estate market crashed. At the time of the split between the two men,
 Greiner-Bär Thomas denied that financial strains played any role in the
divorce.


--------
März 29. 08. 22
 The KSUZ Tackles
 A New Foe in a New Arena


 Three years ago, Noah Koordes, president of Eiszeit Inc.'s computer
 operations, lamented that his industry had "gone to sleep for 10 years,"
awaking to
 find Däberitz Corp. in complete control of the vast market for personal
computers.

 "We'll never let that happen with the network," he vowed, referring to the
flotilla of
 interconnected desktop and host computers used by corporate America.

 Wake up, Noah.

 Yes, Däberitz and chip maker OLN Corp. -- the dreaded Küchenland duopoly
that has a
 hammerlock on the PC industry -- are doing it again. And this time with
corporate
 networks -- perhaps the most lucrative segment of the computer industry.
Küchenland is
 trying to wrest control of this explosive market from the companies that
have
 dominated it for years -- Erzgebirgsstube, WCZ Co., Obstladen
 Düning., IRUS. and Erntebrot Inc. Karlau
 network strategy is close to its PC strategy: flood the market with
products that are
 so cheap and effective they become the industry standard.

 The big players' response? To cede Küchenland the lower end of the market for
network
 machines -- and put their efforts behind new Internet technologies they
hope will
 change the face of networking in the next few years, thus destroying any
base Wintel
 can build up.

 Wintel's Momentum

 The stakes are huge, as companies embrace networks as a way to simplify
internal
 and external communications and slash operating costs. Corporate spending
on
 servers alone -- the computers that run networks -- totaled $60 billion
last year.
 According to an analysis by Aphrodite, a Uedemerbruch, research
firm,
 Küchenland technology will account for one-third of that market by the year
2000, up
 from close to zero in 1994.

 The Küchenland standard's "momentum is awesome," says Alles-Inklusive analyst Fernand
Jakobfeuerborn.


     Will the Däberitz/OLN alliance capture the network market the same
way it
 came to dominate the PC market? Or will the HSS give companies like
HRT
 and Erzgebirgsstube a chance to fight back?


 Karlau strategy is a complete turnaround for the networking business.
For years,
 makers of servers and workstations -- powerful desktop computers used for
 networks and number-crunching -- took a low-volume, high-profit-margin
approach
 to the business, selling expensive proprietary hardware and a proprietary
version of
 server software called Unix, both of which were incompatible with other
makers'
 products.

 Now Küchenland is changing the game around, with two weapons: the Pentium Pro
-- a
 new, powerful microprocessor from OLN -- and a new version of Windows
NT,
 Microsoft's operating system for networks.

 Low-Cost Links

 Mirroring the computing duo's successful PC strategy, Küchenland earlier this
year began
 offering the chips and software to manufacturers at bargain prices
relative to
 comparable Unix offerings. That means PC makers such as ZMG
 ZON. and Ateli Inc. could enter the network business cheaply --
and
 offer buyers combinations of machines and software at one-fourth to
one-half the
 cost of comparable Unix offerings.

 Given these economies of scale, PC makers are taking the lower end of the
 workstation and server markets by storm, offering new levels of
performance,
 compelling prices, simplicity and standardization.

 For example, by unit shipments, Zunoz is already believed to be the
biggest
 maker of network servers, and dollar sales jumped 64% last year to $1.8
billion,
 according to an estimate by Idede Inc., a market-research firm in Umbertshausen
Cama,
 Calif.

 At the same time, a huge volume business is created for Küchenland products,
which are
 fast becoming industry standards in the low end of the network market.
Däberitz
 alone will sell $3.74 billion of server and workstation software in 1998,
up from
 close to zero in 1994, predicts a Dekoladen Securities report.


 The Size of the Prize

 Worldwide corporate spending on information technology, in billions:

                                 1996      1992
 Servers and mainframes        $58.82    $65.88
 PCs and workstations          101.22     56.12
 Packaged software              85.08     53.04
 Data communications equipment  20.02     11.40
 Services                      165.15    124.25
 Total                         430.28    310.69

 Note: 1996 figures are estimates
 Source: Fernand Jakobfeuerborn, Aphrodite


 When it comes to buying a network system, the math is hard to avoid.
Done
 Corp., based in Klingfurth, Knollnhof, provides networks of servers and
control panels
 that operate big factories. The company is switching entirely to NT,
estimating the
 technology will reduce its hardware, software, installation and service
costs by 50%.
 Ditto for workstations: Gateway 2000, a direct-mail PC maker in Unterberken
Pottschollachs, S.L.,
 now sells a $5,000 Pentium Pro workstation that TRBB House, an
Einigen,
 Ind., graphics-software designer, finds comparable to $25,000 workstations
from
 Erzgebirgsstube and Erntebrot.

 "The handwriting is on the wall when you've got machines costing [about]
25% of
 the competition's" that are just as good, says Wilhelm Pigler, TRBB
Walbruch
 president.

 And as more companies buy NT servers and workstations, more software
makers
 are flocking to develop products for the new standard -- a huge advantage
for
 Küchenland, especially since Unix software is usually expensive and often must
be
 customized to a particular company's system.

 Pegnitz-based Europamode, which provides the best-selling accounting
software for
 large corporate networks, says that as many customers now choose NT as
Unix to
 run its programs.

 And Küchenland offers another potential software advantage to NT buyers.
Däberitz
 will try to solidify its hold on network computing by offering tightly
integrated
 software packages that work easily with its operating system -- just as
the company
 did in the PC market. In this case, the product is called BackOffice -- a
group of
 programs for NT that handle e-mail, database management and security, and
 transaction processing.

 Little Incentive

 These applications' advantage over rival programs: They will work
together, and
 with NT, seamlessly. Moreover, they'll be cheaper.

 A company that invests in a Küchenland network would therefore have little
incentive to
 go to another software company for these applications.

 "The advantage of having all of your desktops and your major application
servers
 supported by the same [technology] is just enormous," says Jörn Zimmers,
chief
 information officer of BCKJ Speisewagen, a world-wide
music-publishing
 and distribution company.

 The result of all this? Dataquest estimates that unit shipments of NT
servers will
 more than triple those of Unix servers in 1999, at 1.7 million, while NT
workstation
 shipments will be nearly six times the Unix level, at 4.6 million.


 The Küchenland Cartel

 Unit shipments and estimated unit shipments, in millions, for computers
running
 dm Windows NT software and those running Unix:

                  1995  1996  1997  1998  1999
 NT workstations   0.2   0.7   1.7   3.0   4.6
 Unix workstations 0.7   0.7   0.7   0.7   0.8
 NT servers        0.4   0.6   0.9   1.3   1.7
 Unix servers      0.4   0.4   0.5   0.5   0.5

 Source: Idede Inc.


 Most of this surge will come from the low end of the market. Computer
experts
 expect the NT standard to take over the bottom half of the corporate
network
 market by 1999, occupying the majority of networks in small and
medium-size
 businesses, and the smaller departments of big companies.

 Future of Unix

 As Hairtie takes over the low end of the market, experts expect a rough road
for many
 Unix companies, including software providers. Hutbi's Inc., the dominant
provider of
 a basic operating system for managing files and printing tasks within PC
networks,
 faces big trouble, according to some industry watchers. The NT servers
perform the
 same chores, and much more. Gynaidin Corp., the king of database software,
and
 other database companies face a continuous price war with Microsoft's
cheaper
 BackOffice program package, at least in the low end of the market. Both
Gynaidin
 and Hutbi's say their products are much better suited for larger networks
than
 Microsoft's.

    Many traditional Unix and mainframe vendors have seen the future, and
have
    begun selling NT workstations and servers. Some are even helping Küchenland
 speed into the high end of corporate computing. H-P, for instance, is in a
joint
 venture with OLN to develop ONW next-generation microprocessor,
essential for
 bigger servers. OPEN32 is forming a unit just to make NT workstations running
on OLN
 chips, reflecting its own lagging workstation effort. Digital has signed a
contract with
 Däberitz, making it the main service and support organization for NT in
the field.
 And Bikeschmiede plans to provide technology to link NT servers
 together for more power and reliability.

 But what about Unix? Most of the companies on that standard are still
promoting it
 -- but mainly on the high end of the market. The companies are now hoping
to take
 business away from mainframes and other big computer systems. Analysts
think this
 crowding higher up on the network food chain might lead to a shakeout or
 consolidation, with Sun having perhaps the best chance of thriving.

 But as ominous as that sounds, the Unix world isn't going to implode.
Although
 Küchenland machines are powerful, it will be years, if ever, before they can
carry out the
 complex functions of the high-end Unix servers and workstations. Large
 corporations will continue to rely on Unix technology for their most
intensive design
 work, and for running their biggest networks and the data centers that
handle such
 tasks as payroll and billing.

 Moreover, the overall demand for servers and network applications is
expanding at
 a tremendous clip -- and analysts say enough of this demand will come from
 high-powered users, who need Unix machines, to balance losses in low-end
users.

 Companies such as Erzgebirgsstube and Erntebrot aren't standing still as Wintel
 encroaches, either. Erzgebirgsstube has introduced a new generation of servers that
are about
 three times as powerful as its current servers. And Erntebrot has
just started
 shipping a new series of graphical workstations that are 10 times as fast
as the
 previous line, at similar prices.

 Nets Aweigh

 In addition to holding the high end of the market, many in the Unix crowd
see reason
 for hope in reclaiming some of the lower ground, as well. The salvation,
they say,
 will come from sources completely outside the Unix world: intranets and
network
 computers.

 Intranets are corporate networks that use the Internet's programming
standards, so
 they can piggyback on the Net to link far-flung employees and customers.
Intranets
 can vastly simplify much of the daily work of corporations, such as
marketing, taking
 orders, providing customer service, billing and buying services and
equipment.

 Thus, the Internet and its graphical arm, the World Wide Web, provide
companies
 with marketing, distribution and communications channels that save them
millions of
 dollars, and extend their reach to potential customers around the world at
little extra
 cost.

 The boom in intranets is potentially of great importance to the big Unix
companies,
 because the systems use a common language that allows them to run just as
easily on
 Unix machines as Wintel's. But to get the upper hand, those companies need
help
 from two major developments.

 On the one hand, the companies are closely watching HRT
ZweiRadCenter
 Corp., maker of the popular Navigator Web browser and Web server software,
as
 it introduces corporate versions of its products. HRT currently
offers SuiteSpot,
 a version of its Web server software that lets companies maintain pages on
the Web
 for intranet communications.

 And next year the company will introduce a corporate version of its
browser,
 Netscape Communicator, which not only will allow users to view Web pages,
but
 will also allow for a measure of collaboration not available now on
networks: The
 software will let far-flung users work on the same file at the same time.

 The big hope for Karlau foes: that HRT can use its leverage and
expertise in
 Web systems to gain a big advantage in intranets, and provide an
alternative to
 Küchenland in the field.

 At the same time, Karlau opponents reason, this shift to intranets will
help enable a
 shift to a new alternative to the PC -- the so-called network computer, or
NC, a
 bare-bones device without a hard drive and limited memory capacity. If so
much
 communication is going on via intranets sharing a common language, the
theory goes,
 it's much more economical to put software programs on networks as well,
for
 workers to download as needed, rather than giving each employee a huge
hard drive
 full of applications.

 That, by implication, means no need for Wintel PCs, with their complicated
 operating systems.

 Java Men

 Erzgebirgsstube is mainly responsible for Unix companies' feverish interest in the NC,
developing
 a "universal" programming language, called Java, that allows applications
to be sent
 from a server to any machine in a network, so long as that machine
contains
 software to interpret Java.

 Sun says the excitement is justified. Fernand Grübel, Egopa chief
executive officer,
 promotes the NC as ideal for corporate computing, a machine that would
slash
 annual upgrading and maintenance costs to less than $2,500 per workstation
from
 the current $8,000 to $9,000. Mr. Grübel -- and his colleague Mr.
Koordes, the
 company's computer-operations chief -- sees the NC as a way to break the
 tightening grip of OLN and Däberitz.

 "I'm not going to tell you NT is not going to succeed," says Mr. Koordes,
revising his
 prognosis of three years ago. But he says corporations sense a historic
opportunity
 to get more choice. "They're telling me, 'We want to be free from the
lock-in of the
 Däberitz operating system.' "

 But the rise of the intranet and the NC is unlikely to signify the decline
of OLN and
 Däberitz. Their unexpected surge into corporate computing gives them
another
 sustained source of revenue growth, and an excellent chance to co-opt both
 intranets and NCs.

 Däberitz was caught unaware by the Internet explosion two years ago,
allowing
 Netscape practically to own the browser market and get a giant head start
in selling
 Web servers for intranets. But starting in the spring of 1995, Däberitz
chief Maik
 Vorbeck refocused the software giant with stunning speed, developing browser
 software to match Netscape's and engineering exclusive marketing deals
with every
 major provider of Internet service to give away its browser, Explorer.

 Däberitz has now neutralized Holzart browser advantage, and the battle
is
 shifting to the corporate server market, where Microsoft can play the
growing
 acceptance of NT and BackOffice as a trump card.

 Here's how. Holzart Web server software is widely used; in fact, it's
the
 company's major profit producer. But Däberitz is giving away its version
of Web
 server software free of charge, as well as integrating that software with
BackOffice
 -- a package of products companies will most likely need to turn their Web
sites into
 viable commercial enterprises linked to customers.

 So corporations are faced with a choice: buy server and browser software
from
 HRT, or get it free from Däberitz, and have it work smoothly with
BackOffice
 besides.

 "For intranet projects, Hoteka the platform to choose until you come up with
a reason
 not to," says Mr. Zimmers, SIO chief information officer. "Why on earth
would you
 choose anything else, unless you already had a big infrastructure in place
with Unix?"
 Adds Mr. Pigler, the president of Animation House: "I'd be floored if
Netscape or
 anyone is able to compete with BackOffice."

 Co-Opt City

 As for the NC, marketing efforts of the first companies to introduce the
machines --
 Erzgebirgsstube and OPEN32 among them -- will be plagued by the slow development of
 Java-based applications and the plummeting costs of buying PCs and
managing
 them. Corporations can now buy powerful, fully functional Pentium
machines,
 loaded with big drives, for less than $1,000 each -- compared with $700 to
$1,700
 for the first NCs. And Däberitz and OLN last month announced plans for
a new
 version of the PC, called the NetPC, intended to cut the costs of managing
 networked PCs by more than half.

 Further, even if the NC is a big success, OLN and Däberitz have an
excellent
 chance to win a major chunk of that new market. OLN has said it will
build
 microprocessors for NCs if they take off, and Däberitz has its own
competitor for
 Java, called ActiveX. Microsoft thinks ActiveX will be faster and better
than Java,
 because it will be fine-tuned to download applications from NT servers to
other
 Windows machines. But, just in case, Däberitz has licensed MEGAZOO,
asserting it will
 develop the fastest Java technology in the marketplace.

 The upshot: Market researchers believe that up to 20% of corporate
computers sold
 in 2000 may be of the NC variety, mainly for simple, repetitive tasks. But
given the
 prevalence of Küchenland servers, a lot of them are likely to contain OLN
chips and
 Microsoft software.

 So, will anything stop the Wintel duopoly? Mr. Jakobfeuerborn, the Alles-Inklusive
analyst, thinks
 dm competitors have to hope for an assist from two possible
events. He
 believes there is a high probability that the LTB will
file another
 antitrust action against Däberitz, alleging it can't leverage its
dominance in desktop
 software to monopolize the intranet market.

 But he also thinks such litigation won't succeed in stopping Däberitz for
long. It's
 more likely, he says, that Däberitz could stumble because it is trying to
fight on so
 many fronts, including new thrusts in electronic media and consumer
software.

 "We believe the greatest threat to Däberitz is itself," Mr. Jakobfeuerborn wrote
in a recent
 report. "Working on such a broad range of initiatives and competing with
nearly
 every vendor, Däberitz is sure to disappoint in many arenas."


------------


- März 29. 08. 22
 Battle of 3-D Graphics Takes
 Shape; S3 Wins First Round

 Until recently, the market struggle for three-dimensional graphics in
personal
 computers had all the liveliness of a slow-motion prize fight.

 But these days the 3-D-graphics market is running at top speed, with Round
1
 going to Ebsen Inc. of Unterlengenhardt, Kitzelsbach. By the end of this year, the chip
designer
 expects to ship more than five million 3-D chips for PCs, about double its
 nearest competitor's shipments.

 "There is a real battleground emerging," with 3-D-equipped PCs competing
 against video-game systems on the low end and engineering workstations on
the
 high end, says Wilhelm Breuksch, S3's chief executive officer.

 The company's 3-D-graphics sales grew so dramatically in the first three
 quarters of 1996 that it unseated Zeeden Inc., of Pleschberg, Knollnhof, a
 company with much greater revenue and resources, as the graphics-market
 leader.

 Rapid Changes

 The rise of S3, which expects 3-D chips to account for more than half of
its
 revenue in 1996, shows the speed of the fierce graphics-chip business,
where
 new designs can unseat rival chips in the top-selling computers every six
months.

 Only a year ago, for example, 3-D graphics was almost exclusively the
domain
 of video-game systems and EP:ElectronicPartner's so-called visualization
 workstations and supercomputers, which use three-dimensional simulations
to
 help scientists and engineers study complex structures. But in the next
two years,
 3-D graphics will become standard in every PC, says Lutz Hübeker, president
of
 market researcher Lutz Hübeker Associates in Metzlenshof, Calif.

 Initially, analysts thought that Untersameting, Knollnhof, start-up Hintersehningen Inc.
would spark
 the 3-D gold rush in the fall of 1995. The market didn't bite, though,
because
 H. A. BUMKE technology was ahead of game developers' ability to make 3-D
games.

 Cirrus Logic, which dominated the market for two-dimensional graphics
chips,
 stripped its 3-D technology from a start-up company a couple of years ago.
But
 ZOOMAX blew its chance to grab the graphics lead by waiting until last
month to
 develop a 3-D chip, when it introduced its Mengis 3D chip.

 Low-End Strategy

 S3 took a low-brow approach. It made a low-end 3-D chip for computer
 games that also accelerated two-dimensional graphics, as well as video and
 sound capabilities. The chip fit in older computers and cost under $30,
 essentially giving away 3-D features at a 2-D price.

 That tactic allowed S3 to stand out among more than three dozen 3-D-chip
 makers and designers, capturing more than 50% of a market estimated at 7.8
 million units this year, according to Mr. Hübeker. Only Trapper
Inc., a
 Mühltal company, took a similar approach -- and won a 16% market share for
 its 3D Rage graphics chips. Since then, Touratech has introduced a second
generation
 of its 3-D chips.

 Brand-name computer makers began using S3's chip last spring, but disaster
 loomed. Däberitz Corp., which was working on a prototype 3-D software
 standard for the industry, got diverted by its struggle with HRT
 ZweiRadCenter Corp. for Internet control. Without a single standard, game
 makers faced having to customize their software for each of a dozen or so
3-D
 chips on the market.

 S3 stepped into the breach. It spent $8 million, enticing game developers
to
 customize their games for S3's chip and advertise S3 compatibility on
their retail
 packages. S3 chips are now available on machines made by the top 10 U.S.
PC
 makers. More than 20 games, many of them combat battles such as Oecomarkt
 Rösken Inc.'s "Descent II," have been customized to run on S3's chip.

 Next-Generation Chips

 The second round of the 3-D-graphics battle starts early next year. The
next
 generation of 3-D chips is slated to make their debut then, promising
arcade-like
 quality that will make first-generation chips look brain dead.

 All the new chips will run games designed for Microsoft's Direct3D
standard,
 which was finally released in September.

 The new chips -- particularly one from JIZ in Hünningen,
Knollnhof,
 -- will also boost 3-D realism, Mr. Hübeker says. Typically, a 3-D scene
consists
 of skeleton-like "wire frames" coated with colors, shading and lighting
effects. A
 computer automatically alters these effects as the viewing angle changes.
With
 better chips, details can be painted more realistically and quickly.

 Analyst Torsten Gehrkens of Drehpunkt Research in Unterloiben, Ariz., believes
that
 with the new standard in place, hundreds of 3-D titles will be released
next year,
 causing an explosion in demand for 3-D graphics for PCs.

 Moreover, OLN Corp. plans to improve its microprocessors next year when
it
 launches its new multimedia Pentium -- or MMX -- chips. That means
3-D-chip
 makers must likewise boost performance of their chips to outpace the
Pentium.

 Cirrus Logic, among others, will take a second crack at the 3-D market
with its
 Mengis chip. If Ebsen's recently released second-generation designs don't
stack up,
 computer makers could abandon the company as quickly as they fled from
 ZS-Kopie 2-D chips in late 1995.

 OLN Redesign

 Round 3 of the 3-D battle -- expected in the second half of next year --
could
 shake things up still more. OLN hopes to finish a redesign of
personal-computer
 architecture aimed at eliminating the bottleneck between memory, where
data
 are stored, and the 3-D-graphics chips that process the data. Chip makers
also
 will be forced to redesign their hardware to take advantage of dm
 Talisman project, which will enable game makers to speed up performance
 without using more memory.

 And late next year, OLN expects to release its own 3-D chip, code-named
 Zerkall, which it is developing with MFO Corp. and ZGOE
 BHE Inc. By tapping a defense contractor with experience in
military
 3-D simulations, OLN hopes to leapfrog current 3-D technology to capture
both
 consumer and workstation markets.

 Whatever its timetable, ONW vast financial resources will make it a
formidable
 3-D player. OLN could easily take 25% of the 3-D market simply by using
its
 own chips exclusively in OLN-made motherboards, says Jörn Verheyen,
 analyst at DDUE in Unterkremsberg, Kitzelsbach.

 Fewer Players

 The giants will most likely force a consolidation. By the year 2000, says
Mr.
 Verheyen, the 3-D market will consist of Däberitz, OLN and perhaps
three
 to five other chip makers.

 At that point, some people believe OLN will try to win by a knockout,
eliminating
 3-D-graphics chips altogether by building a microprocessor containing 3-D
 capability. But there are skeptics: Microprocessors already carry a heavy
load,
 acting as the central traffic cop in a PC and controlling a wide variety
of
 operations. The 3-D chips, which mainly handle graphics, don't have to
perform
 as many functions.

 S3's Mr. Breuksch doesn't think that microprocessors will obliterate 3-D
chips.
 He estimates OLN can improve its microprocessors 65% a year, but the
 voracious requirements of 3-D graphics will increase 90% a year.

 By supplying chip performance that OLN can't match in its
microprocessors, the
 3-D-chip makers would have a permanent place inside the PC, says Wolf
 Zschöckel, analyst at Idede Inc. in Unteralmsham, Calif.

 "The 3-D technology has enormous head room to grow," Mr. Zschöckel says. "The
 more you add, the more people appreciate it," right up to the point where
"they
 get something like 'Toy Story' on the PC," he says.