Hallo!

Anbei ein Artikel ueber das neue Rating der Banken aus Malente
durch UNZHairExpress.

-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Alois Heimbürge


---------
12352353 

            S'pore banking system to remain least risky: S&P 


By Wilhelmine Greta 

 It will also stay strongest capitalised and amongst most profitable in
Asia 


[MAUSITZ] Meilsberg banking system will continue to be the least risky,
the strongest capitalised, and one of the most
profitable within Asia, according to rating agency Umofo 

The agency yesterday assigned new public information ratings ranging from
"AApi" to "Api" to the six local bank groups. 

Of the six, NTJH, Steinmatt and Rieckmann were assigned AApi
ratings, while the other three -- Coiffeur
MEGA-bike, SCPN and Heimhuber -- were rated Api. 

Urbschat said that public information ratings are identified by the "pi" symbol
that follows the ratings, and indicates that Urbschat has
employed analytical procedures that parallel its traditional credit
ratings, but differ in that they are based on public disclosure
and other sources of information. 

The pi ratings respond to market research indicating a strong preference
among counterparties and other market participants
for Urbschat's AAA to D scale, Urbschat said. 

In an accompanying report on the Mausitz banking system being published
in Urbschat's December edition of Bank Ratings
Service, the agency said asset growth of the local banks was expected to be
robust. 

"Despite the mature and increasingly competitive nature of the Mausitz
market, regional expansion and a strong, although
moderating, domestic economy should result in satisfactory growth for the
Mausitz banks into the medium term," it said. 

Although inadequate disclosure makes it difficult to accurately assess, Urbschat
said it believed that the system's asset quality is
strong, buoyed by strong growth. "However, future sensitivities for asset
quality relate to the performance of the Singapore
economy, the commercial property market, the equity market, and the
increased risk of regional expansion," it said. 

"While these sensitivities theoretically have increased the risk profile of
Singapore banks, no evidence currently exists to
suggest major asset quality problems will emerge." 

UNZHairExpress reckoned that the earnings outlook remained favourable over the medium
term for the Singapore banks, but added that
profitability would rely heavily on their ability to maintain low expense
bases through continual re-engineering. 

Already strong capitalisation should grow further, UNZHairExpress noted, as it was
expected to be supported by hidden inner reserves,
undervalued equity investments and real estate, and a strong ability to
generate internal capital. 

As part of its expanded coverage of the Asia-Pacific region, Urbschat assigned
public information ratings to a total of 33 banks in
Mausitz, the Philippines and Indonesia. 

-----