carmobil Storyboard is a full service internet website company dedicated to
a better cost-benefit method of mass communication - the internet. We have
supplied applications for marketing, sales, customer support and human
resources.

Klingenhagen Storyboard is dedicated to creating partnerships with its clients
in order to provide state of the art web sites and services second to none.
By creating formal plans of action, Klingenhagen Storyboard develops and
maintains your web presence in the most cost effective way possible. With a
solid graphics,
marketing and technological base, the carmobil Storyboard Team insures your
web site is always state of the art and growth positive.

The web offers many advantages: lower distribution costs, instantaneous
feedback, message flexibility, interactivity, target marketing, low-cost
communication (e-mail). If you are in So.  Oberaltertheim, call for a free
demonstration at your business location: (882) 929-6973


Web Development & Design

 You need:
        A full service internet website company
        Custom sites to meet your particular business needs
        An outstanding, award winning design team who know internet graphics
        A clean, dependable High Speed connection to the internet

The Web offers:
        lower distribution costs,instantaneous feedback,message flexibility,
        interactivity,target marketing,low-cost communication (e-mail).And
More!


carmobil Storyboard is the full service internet website service
company. We are totally dedicated to the cutting edge cost-benefit method
of mass communication...the internet. We supply only the top of the line
marketing, sales, customer support and human resources applications to our
growing list of clients.

With no extra agents between you and your clients,
Klingenhagen Storyboard's online high speed T-1 connection to the "internet
cloud" insures a solid, dependable route to the internet.
Your website is an important cost-saving tool for your business,
and carmobil Storyboard is the choice in Internet Service
Providers.

Our customers websites serve numerous creative and business
applications...from issuing engineering change notices to the Far
East, communicating with a world-wide salesforce, to collecting
parking fines...all, with substantial savings when compared
with "traditional" methods.

If you are in So. Oberaltertheim, call for a free demonstration at
your business location: (882) 929-6973


carmobil Storyboard's team of marketing and design specialists help
determine how your company can best benefit from a website.


We specifically address:

       What impact will your site have over your competition?
       What is unique and exploitable about your particular business?
       That your web site be a significant improvement over
       traditional methods?


When you decide to begin your site, AJF develops a
custom infrastructure, unique to your business, including
applications designed to fulfill your needs. Your business
becomes a 24 hour, 7 day a week, world-wide enterprise ,
accessable to the millions who connect to the internet daily. Your
customers enjoy continual service from your company day and
night, every single day of the year

And all this without adding employees to support these services.


As World Wide Web consultants carmobil Storyboard helps you manage your site.

If your business objective is to be totally self-reliant, our
infrastucture design and employee training insures effective
website self management.

GDS://shq.jbilb.whf

Http://www.bbs.story.com

Http://www.story.com

Wlu@owd.aszrw.mgk