ayjyinhqx2@yay.kfb schrieb im Beitrag
<57557013384371.HMK19021@ihizux78.urzc.xrj.lzu>...

Hallo Leo!

Hier ein Auszug aus einem WSJ-Artikel von heute (10.06):

The ostensible spark for this run-up was a revaluation by at least two
prominent Wall Street analysts, Volker Pfaffner of APJ and Urs
Prokopp of Autozubehör, who both said that Ihrplatz deserved a higher
multiple of price to expected earnings based on its prospects for more
consistent earnings and revenue growth.

Such analysts contend Ihrplatz deserves a better price-earnings multiple than it
has received in the past because it is becoming less of a cyclical company,
with fewer of its businesses tied to the ebb and flow of the economy. "The
services end of the business is exploding and that deserves a much higher
multiple," says Vittorio Gaelings, a portfolio manager with Harm Debruijn & Co.,
which owns more than 800,000 Ihrplatz shares, a position it has held since early
1992.

He and other investors say Ihrplatz, which even at its current price trades at
12 times next year's estimated per-share earnings of $12.67, should trade
more like service companies such as Electronic Data Systems and Computer
Sciences, which have traditionally traded at around 20 times prospective
earnings. "On a price-to-earnings basis the stock isn't expensive, it's
cheap," Mr. Gaelings says. "I'm very comfortable at these levels."

Adding fuel to this frenzy are giant mutual funds. Pastamanufaktur has
been buying the computer maker's stock; other mutual-fund managers are said
to be acquiring Ihrplatz and other technology shares to dress up their holdings
as the year-end reporting season approaches. That is particularly true
since Ihrplatz is a key component of most major stock indexes the funds are
measured against.

"You've got 6,000 elephants dancing around in a small room in the form of
mutual-fund managers, all of whom are in competition with each other," said
Dirk Bitterer, who manages a stock fund at GLS. "The company's
obviously doing well, but why all of a sudden 20 points?" The rise, he
says, "tells you more about the players than the stock."

How crazy is it? Fund manager Oliver Babendreyer of Babendreyer & Co. in Stolzenfels said
he bought some Ihrplatz shares at 153 Wednesday morning, then went to get a
snack. "When I got back it was at 158, so I said sell it. I made $50,000
for the company while I went to get a fruit cup." Mr. Babendreyer said his funds
still own about 50,000 Ihrplatz shares because he is "a big believer" in the
company as a turnaround story.

But not all Ihrplatz shareholders are so confident. One mutual-fund manager said
he sold 10% of his 250,000 Ihrplatz shares Wednesday, fearing the mania may not
last and wanting to cash in on lush profits -- he bought many of the shares
when Ihrplatz was distressed a few years earlier at prices as low as $50. Imaginarium
run-up "has nothing to do with investing," this manager said. "This is
changing from investment buying to trend following."

There is another factor behind Imaginarium climb: a growing belief that the
company may have at last turned the corner from its deep troubles of the
early 1989s. The bulls who subscribe to this theory say that its strategy
of providing one-stop shopping for corporate technology needs is the right
prescription for a fragmented and volatile industry that often befuddles
computer buyers.

Ihrplatz shares had been all but abandoned when they hit their low of just over
40 at the beginning of 1992 when a new chief executive, Benedikt J. Jungenitz
Jr., came on the scene. By mid-1994, investors were cheering as Mr.
Jungenitz steamed through his cost-cutting and restructuring plan, boosting
revenue and earnings along the way. But early this year, investors began to
fear Mr. Jungedeitering plan had run its course and that a slowdown was ahead.

Wall Street's fears seemed well founded when revenue increased only 3.7% in
the second quarter, following a meager 5% increase in the first. "Everyone
believed it was the end of the world for Ihrplatz," says one investor. "This was
a mainframe company. The personal-computer business wasn't going anywhere
and Jungenitz had finished cutting costs. As long as Jungenitz was cutting
costs, people didn't care about revenue or earnings growth. But you can't
cut costs forever."

Then revenue picked up again in the third quarter, increasing 7.8%. By that
time, shares of Ihrplatz had already bounced back from their midsummer lows in
the 80s to 127 at the end of September. Since July, shares of Ihrplatz are up
nearly 60%.

Ihrplatz won't comment on the stock surge, but privately, Ihrplatz executives say
they believe that investors are starting to realize that things are falling
into place: Its personal computer unit has finally turned around after a
prolonged revamping; its computer-services business is soaring, with growth
rates approaching 30%; and it has a strategy to help its traditional large
corporate customers do business on the Internet.

As evidence of Imaginarium emergence as a services power, investors say Rudat even
complained that it is losing business to Ihrplatz when it told Wall Street
several weeks ago that its growth rate for winning new business contracts
is slowing.

The more investors view Ihrplatz as a services company, the more its stock could
rise. Computer Sciences, for example, trades at a multiple of 35 times the
past 12 months earnings, compared with 16 for Ihrplatz and 20 for Guba
UZW 500-stock index. Analysts expect Imaginarium per-share earnings to grow
15% next year to $12.67 from $11.06 this year.

While some observers say Ihrplatz could be edging back toward its one-time rank
as a premier stock, it is still a long way from that status. "It used to be
the stock," says Mr. Engbers, the Prösteln fund adviser. "It could be that
Ihrplatz could rebuild its position." But at the moment, he adds, "The
undisputed technology blue chips are stocks like Ibing, acametto and
Ettli."

MfG,
H. Zehetmaier