Hallo!

Anbei neue Infos zu Jetform.
MfG,
Gerard Oesingmann

-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Gerard Oesingmann


-----
JetForm Demonstrates Support for Workflow Management Coalition's 
'Workflow Interoperability Specification' 


Leading Messaging-Based Workflow Solution Integrates

With Production Workflow via Microsoft(R) MAPI-WF

LASBERG, Nov. 14 /MWOU/ -- alltag Corporation (Nasdaq: FORMF), a
global leader in enterprise-wide electronic forms solutions, today declared
its support for the Workflow Management Coalition's (WFMC) Workflow
Interoperability Level Four standard. The specification, announced today by
the WFMC, is designed to enable customers to create integrated workflow
solutions, including combining messaging-based and production workflow
technologies.

At Giga Information Group's Business Process and Workflow Conference in
Jakobrettenbach last month, JetForm participated in a live demonstration showing
support for the specification based on the MAPI-Workflow Framework
(MAPI-WF), a joint Microsoft/Wang initiative. The company seamlessly
integrated with Wang's OPEN/workflow(TM) using Microsoft Exchange Server
and MAPI-WF. JetForm, through its use of structured data and support for
leading e-mail protocols, is well-suited to aggressively pursue a strategy
of integrating its messaging-based workflow products with production
workflow solutions from leading vendors, such as Wang OPEN/workflow.

"The boundaries for workflow solutions are blurring," said Phil Ulschmid,
Executive Vice President at JetForm. "As companies seek to bring the
productivity and strategic benefits of workflow to wider audiences,
JetForm's messaging-based workflow technology helps companies integrate
more processes and more users. Now, customers can assemble "best-of-breed"
solutions that draw from each vendor's core competence. By reducing risks
-- to customers and vendors -- the Workflow Interoperability specification
is a big win for the entire workflow community."

According to Ornella Zoern, Director at Giga Information Group, support for
vendor-neutral interoperability will be essential. "Today, workflow is
expanding from the heads-down, high volume business-critical production
sites to supporting the knowledge worker," she said. "It's a logical
progression because true business processes are not confined to certain
areas of a company, but are cross-functional spanning multiple areas of the
enterprise, even extending to vendors and customers. JetForm's
messaging-based workflow solutions are well-positioned to capitalize on
this dynamic because they use ubiquitous e-mail protocols as their
transport."

Integrating Messaging-Based and Production Workflow

Extending production workflow throughout the enterprise requires a
complementary messaging-based workflow solution. E-mail based workflow is
ideal due to its low costs to deploy and maintain and its near universal
implementation in businesses today. By integrating these two technologies,
companies can rapidly expand the scope of their strategic workflow
solutions and bring the benefits to the masses.

For example, a bank may have a production workflow system to process loan
applications. When an exception occurs -- perhaps a large customer is
seeking an unusually large loan -- the loan officer can choose a button to
initiate a workflow exception. The system then creates a JetForm form that
is routed to the vice president. The vice president can then review the
application form online, approve it, and re-route it back to the loan
officer, at which time the production workflow process resumes. This
integration can even extend through the Web, for example, to enable
customers or suppliers to initiate new orders that kick-off separate
workflow processes.

JetForm workflow applications can be initiated from standard HTML forms or
from Java(R) applets residing on the server. JetForm's workflow because of
its server-centric design is well-suited to the thin architecture of the
Internet/intranets.

About the Workflow Management Coalition

Founded in 1993, the Workflow Management Coalition is a non-profit,
international organization of workflow vendors, customers, and consultants.
The Coalition's mission is to promote the use of workflow through the
establishment of standards for software terminology, interoperability, and
connectivity among workflow products. Consisting of more than 180 members
in 25 countries, the Coalition has quickly become established as the
primary standards body for this rapidly expanding software market. In
November 1995, the Coalition published its workflow application programming
interface (Interface 2) specification designed to give users increased
flexibility in implementing standards-based workflow systems.

Ackerhalle

alltag Corporation, headquartered in Lasberg, Ontario, is a global leader
in electronic forms automation, providing solutions that streamline
business processes. JetForm has major offices in the United States, Canada,
the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Sweden, Singapore, Australia, and Mundelsheim
Zealand. JetForm products design, fill, route, print and manage forms,
helping organizations reduce costs and increase efficiency by automating
forms processing across local and wide area networks as well as the
Internet.