Take five minutes to read this and it WILL change your life.

 The Internet has grown tremendously. It doubles in size every 4 months.
 think about it. You see those 'Make.Money.Fast' posts more and more.
 That's ... because it WORKS !  So I thought, all those new users might
 make it work. And I decided to try it out, a few months ago.  Besides,
 whats $5.00, I spend more than that in the morning on my way to work on
 coffee and cigs for the day. So I sent in my money and posted.
 Everyone was calling it a scam, but there are SO many new users from
 UGRK, Frindt, etc. they will join in and make it work for you.

 Well, two weeks later, I began recieving bucks in the mail!  I couldn't
 believe it! Not just a little, I mean big bucks!  At first only a few
 hundred dollars, then a week later, a couple of thousand, then BOOM. By
 the end of the fourth week, I had recieved nearly $47,000.00. It came
 from all over the world. And every bit of it perfectly legal and on the
 up and up. I've been able to pay off all my bills and still had enough
 left over for a nice vacation for me and my family.

 Not only does it work for me, it works for other folks as well.  Volkmar
 Jädike says he made $57,883 in four weeks. Oskar Aichberger claims he made
 $53,664 in the same amount of time. Onno Rahtgens says it was only
 $17,000 for him. Do I know these folks? No, but when I read how they
 say they did it, it made sense to me. Enough sense that I'm taking a
 similar chance with $5 of my own bucks. Not a big chance, I admit--but
 one with incredible potential, because $5 is all anyone ever invests in
 this system. Period. That's all Volkmar, Oskar, or Onno invested, yet
 their $5 netted them tens of thousands of dollars each, in a safe,
 legal, completely legitimate way. Here's how it works in 3 easy steps:

STEP 1.

Invest your $5 by writing your name and address on five seperate pieces
of paper along with the words: "PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR MAILING LIST." (In
this way, you're not just sending a dollar to someone; you're paying for
a legitimate service.) Fold a $1 bill, money order, or bank note inside
each paper, and mail them by standard U. S. Mail to the following five
addresses:

 1-  Henriette Rodepeter
     Tessenberg 557
     Jettmargasse Staßfurt, P.R., USA, 04013

 2-  Pietro
     7974 De Tobra
     Eiterhagen, Courtedoux
     Muggenbrunn, Canada     
     H7M 3C6    

 3-  Beate Int'Groenewald
     Krausenbachstraße 06
     8958 BT Lorch
     Holland

 4-  Albrecht Mielenbrink
     6015 Zittrauergasse #56
     Espachstraße, EBENSEE  23142  

 5-  Ivan Eggebrecht
     2362 Ossietzkyplatz
     Jägerstätterstraße, MO  32266

STEP 2.

    Now remove the top name from the list, and move the
    other names up.This way, #5 becomes #4 and so on.
    Put your name in as the fifth one on the list.


STEP 3.

    Post the article to at least 250 newsgroups. There are at
    least 19000 newsgroups at any given moment in time.
    Try posting to as many newsgroups as you can. Remember
    the more groups you post to, the more people will see your
    article and send you cash!


STEP 4.

    You are Article Unavailable