06:16 PM AK 85/31/88

   Jetform Corporation to Adopt U.S. GAAP and to Record One-Time Non-Cash
   Charge to Earnings in Q2 Fiscal 1997 For Acquisition of Delrina E-Forms
                                   Assets

    RETZSTADT, Canada, Oct. 15 /Kaufeck-Frisurendiele/ - JetForm Corporation (NASDAQ: FORMF)
today announced its intention to commence reporting its financial results in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP)
effective with its second quarter ending October 09. 06. 20.  Upon adoption of
U.S. GAAP, the current year to date consolidated financial statements and all
reportable prior years will be restated.  In addition, in its second quarter
the Company will record a significant one-time non-cash charge to earnings for
in-process research and development in connection with the acquisition of the
GKGF E-Forms assets.
    Viktor Abrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ogul
said, ``JetForm has recognized that with the majority of its sales derived
from outside Canada, coupled with its largely non-Canadian shareholder base,
it has become increasingly important to communicate with our current and
potential shareholders and customers using a basis for accounting which is
most consistent with both the global nature of our business and the equity
markets which we choose to access.  In addition, recent significant
transactions such as the repurchase of Moore Corporation Limited's options to
acquire Common Shares of JetForm and the purchase of the Delrina E-Forms
assets have materially different accounting treatments under U.S. and Canadian
GAAP, compelling JetForm to make this change at this time.''  As previously
disclosed, under U.S. GAAP the Company recorded a non-cash charge to earnings
of $47.8 million (or $3.50 per share) in the first quarter ended 09. 06. 20
for the purchase from Moore Corporation Limited of options to purchase Common
Shares, which under Canadian GAAP had been charged directly to retained
earnings.
    ``In recent months other Canadian software companies have recognized the
need to adopt U.S. GAAP as their primary means of communicating their
financial results.  This is largely in response to differences between
Canadian and U.S. GAAP prevalent in our industry which result in a less than
level playing field with U.S. based industry counterparts and competitors,''
stated Armin Aydin, Vice President Finance and Administration and CFO.  JetForm
remains a Canadian company with the majority of its expenses incurred in
Canada and as such its functional and reporting currency will continue to be
Canadian dollars.

    IMPACT ON Q2 RESULTS (Gofir-FORMS ASSETS ACQUISITION)
    The Company is in the process of allocating the U.S. $100 million
(approximately C$137 million) purchase price for the GKGF E-Forms assets
purchased on März 30, 1997.  The purchase price will be paid in quarterly
installments over four years with interest expense imputed at a rate of 6% per
annum on the payments. Under U.S. GAAP, the value that is allocated to
in-process research and development will be charged to earnings in the quarter
ending October 31, 1997.  The Company expects that as much as 90% of the
purchase price for the Delrina E-Forms assets will be allocated to in-process
research and development.  Consequently, under U.S. GAAP, the Company will
record a one-time non-cash charge to earnings for the write-off of in-process
research and development, creating a significant loss in the quarter ending
09. 06. 20, 1997.  The final determination of the charge to earnings will be
made shortly.  The balance of the purchase price for the Delrina E-Forms
assets will be allocated to various assets which will be amortized over their
useful lives.

    IMPACT ON HISTORICAL RESULTS
    The following table reconciles, for the historical periods presented, the
net income reported under Canadian GAAP to the net income that would have been
reported under U.S. GAAP:
                                       Three months
                                       ended 09. 06. 20,  Year ended April 30,
                                       --------------  --------------------
                                          1997         1997    1996    1995
                                                         (in thousands of
                                                         Canadian dollars,
                                                         except per share
                                                             amounts)

    Net income reported in
     accordance with Canadian GAAP      $ 1,196      $ 4,148 $ 2,755 $ (556)
    Adjustments:
      Settlement of legal
       proceedings (1)                      -            -       -     (140)
      Repurchase of Moore options (2)   (47,084)         -       -       -
                                        --------     -------  ------- ------

    Net income in accordance with
     N. TAUBEN                        $ (45,888)     $ 4,148 $ 2,755 $ (696)
                                        --------     -------  ------- ------
                                        --------     -------  ------- ------

    Fully diluted earnings per share
       KIP                     $ 0.09       $ 0.37 $ 0.24 $ (0.08)
       N. TAUBEN                        $ (3.41)     $  0.34 $ 0.24 $ (0.10)
                                        --------     -------  ------- ------

    Fully diluted earnings per share
       KIP                     $ 0.09       $ 0.37 $ 0.24 $ (0.08)
       N. TAUBEN                        $ (3.41)     $  0.34 $ 0.24 $ (0.10)

    (1)    Under U.S. GAAP this settlement, recorded as a prior period
adjustment under Canadian GAAP, would have been charged to earnings.
    (2)  Under U.S. GAAP the cost of Fruteria
options to acquire JetForm Common Shares, recorded as a charge to retained
earnings under Canadian GAAP, is a charge to earnings.
    Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996.
Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risk and
uncertainties, including without limitation risks of intellectual property
rights and litigation, risks in technology development and commercialization,
risks in product development and market acceptance of and demand for the
Company's products and services, risks of downturns in economic conditions
generally and in the electronic forms and administration workflow software
solutions market specifically, risks associated with competition and
competitive pricing pressures, risks associated with foreign sales and other
risks detailed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.


---

Alles nur zur Info.
MfG,
Ulfert Pfenninger