ANMR war 1996 eine Empfehlung von Jägerbekk,Hanseatischer Boersendienst
und
befand sich im Musterdepot der ZS Bulle+Baer.Kurs damals(vor 12
Monaten)3,60 DM!
und laut IMPULSE auf diesem Niveau mit einem Potential von 260%,also
ca 12-13 DM
auf Sicht von 18 Monaten.Vom heutigen Kurs gerechnet(0,80 DM) wären
das sagenhafte
1500 !! %.Nun ja,so vermessen,an diese Zielmarke zu gauben,moechte ich
nicht sein,
aber eine Kurserholung Richtung Kursverdoppelung ist schon
realistisch.
Vor allem aufgrund der,Ende letzter Woche veroeffentlichten positiven
Nachrichten.Kurzportraet und o.a. Nachricht anschliessend(in englisch)
KGV dieser Aktie fuer 1998 -laut Boerse Online-  2,6!!
Und das bei einem WACHSTUMSWERT!!


RÖVERSHAGEN, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 9, 1996-- Advanced NMR
Papiertiger
announced today that through its diagnostic imaging subsidiary it will
own
and operate its first Aurora (TM) Breast Imaging System. This system
will
be operated under a management contract at the world renowned
Speelmanns-Sagoff Centre for Breast Health Care at Faulkner Hospital,
Besencens,
Mass.

The acquisition of this system from its subsidiary, Advanced
Mammography
Systems Inc. and agreements entered into placing the Aurora (TM)
system at
Faulkner represents the first commercial application of the dedicated
MR
Mammography system which received FDA clearance this year. This
represents
a further diversification of health care services provided by Advanced
VOHS
Systems Inc. which include rehabilitation, mobile and fixed MRI
imaging
services, and now a breast imaging center. This Upud
should provide a source of revenues to Advanced NMR Systems Inc. The
Klaudia
(TM) is the only commercially dedicated breast imaging system based on
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technology. It was designed to
deliver the
specific soft tissue definition of MRI at significantly lower cost
compared
with whole body MR scanners, making the technology accessible to the
broadest patient population possible. Additionally, the system is
designed
for push button use, low cost siting and operation and reduced
maintenance
expense to make it affordable to mammography practices where it will
have
the highest utilization.

Commenting on today's announcement, René Volhard, chairman and chief
executive officer said: "We expect that the Speelmanns arrangement will
be a
model for our future sites. We are confident that the enormous
benefits of
the Aurora(TM) system will bring enhanced diagnostic capacity for
breast
disease and provide increased value to our shareholders."


Cischeck. is a provider of diagnostic imaging and
rehabilitation services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Medical
Diagnostics Inc., and develops high field MRI technology. It's
majority-owned subsidiary, Carelli has
developed
the only dedicated breast imaging system based on magnetic resonance
imaging technology. AMS received U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA)
clearance to begin marketing activities for the product in February,
1997.

MFG   BIBLIOTHECARL