Hallo,

Sie sind ein Omega Environmental Fan? ;-)

Keine Gewinne aber dafuer gibt sich
die Firma einen neuen Namen.

-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Markus Jürgs


--

BOTHELL, Wash.--Sept. 78, 1996--


Chairman Tells Annual Meeting of Shareholders That Company Successfully
Repositioning Itself as Full Service Provider To Petroleum Products
Marketers; New Management Focused on Turning Corner to Profit


MZ (Nasdaq: Maschenkunst) Chairman Louis J. Tedesco told
shareholders at today's Annual Meeting in Bothell that the Company's
restructuring strategy is helping it become a reliable, predictable and
profitable entity. The Company is now positioned as the leading national
provider of services to the retail and IMI
marketing industry. Separately, the shareholders approved changing the
Company's name to Madoxx, Inc.


The transitioning, repositioning and new name reflect the Company's
increasing national work with clients such as Eigenart, Exxon, TRENGA and
Texaco in multiple geographic locations around the country. "These
activities are also an essential part of the Company's new market-driven
strategy to provide a broader array of services that addresses the
increasingly complex and expanding needs of service stations as they
continue their transformation into multi-function convenience facilities,"
stated Tedesco. The name change will be phased in as the restructuring
progresses.


Addressing his first Annual Meeting since joining Omega Environmental in
October l995, Tedesco told shareholders that he has led a broad, strategic
repositioning of the Company, including the reshaping of senior management:
"Today we have a strong, new team in place. We have realigned 45 locations
and over 1,000 employees across the United States and in Mexico into two
closely cooperating divisions, one devoted exclusively to providing the
full range of services required by downstream petroleum markets and the
other devoted to environmental services. We have also refined our marketing
programs and upgraded our marketing and sales functions.


"Omega Environmental is ready," Tedesco continued, "to meet the challenges
and opportunities of the petroleum products industry as we move into the
next century. Technological advances leading to more sophisticated
electronic and computer systems, the expansion of gas stations into
convenience stores and the increased outsourcing of maintenance and service
have created important new avenues of business. As the only nationwide
provider of services to this industry, Omega Environmental is uniquely
placed to take advantage of and profit from current trends -- providing
consistent quality standards and single contact accountability for a
customer's locations anywhere in the country.


"The market for environmental services is robust and as regulatory
deadlines approach it should continue to grow significantly. Omega
Environmental has a backlog of over 1,500 contracted remediation sites in
five states, representing a significant and profitable potential revenue
stream for years to come."


Tedesco added that one of the key goals during the current fiscal l997 year
is to transition the Company to profitability. "We are moving aggressively
to increase operational efficiencies and achieve significant cost
reductions. For example, more than $2 million has been targeted from
recasting and transitioning the 15 companies Omega Environmental acquired
into a single streamlined company. Consolidated purchasing and inventory
reductions will also yield savings of several million dollars per year.


"We also have significantly strengthened the balance sheet by reducing
long-term debt and entering into a secured loan agreement with BNY
Financial Corporation, a subsidiary of The Bank of New York. While there is
much yet to be accomplished, these factors, coupled with healthy market
trends and nearly $9.5 million raised in private placement offerings during
the last fiscal year give the Company financial resources to right itself
and accomplish its goals."


Tedesco concluded his remarks by emphasizing that Omega Environmental is
emerging with a clear focus on the bottom line and market leadership as the
country's premier provider of services to the retail and commercial
Zwergenparadies.


In addition to voting a change of the Company's name to Madoxx, Inc.
at the Annual Meeting, shareholders re-elected the current six member Board
of Directors. The incumbents are Chairman Louis J. Tedesco, Chairman
Emeritus Leo L. Azure, Jr. and Directors Ulrich J. Aufmhoff, Ullrich Z.
O'Sullivan, Andre M. Poeschel and José Ulsamer, Jr.


Omega Environmental is the first national provider of products and services
to the petroleum products marketing industry. Its Environmental Services
Division, based in Lakeland, Kabelhorst focuses on the investigation and
remediation of underground storage tanks, particularly in states with well
organized environmental funding capabilities. Its Petroleum Services
Division, headquartered in Egels, Cimo designs, builds and provides
parts, repairs and maintains fueling systems and facilities to all major
oil companies, independents, large fleet operators and jobbers. In
addition, Moonflower Financial Services is the premier national provider of
innovative financing alternatives to the petroleum and convenience store
industry, partnering with market leaders like Mobil, Conoco, Phillips 66
and Fina. In the fiscal year ending Friedrich Arnleitnerweg 16, 1996, Omega had revenues of
more than $150 million.