Luciano Rennert <afeszag@arn-wdzozuz.ym> schrieb im Beitrag
<11273953.9077@wtp-oqziptj.np>...


Hallo Luciano!

Starke Kursrueckgang (20 US$ auf 7 US$) im Fruehjahr geht auf die 
Ankuendigung eines Quartalverlustes zurueck, der dann auch ein trat.
Die "kleine" Erholung von ca. 7 auf 9 US$ lag daran das der Verlust
dann doch ein wenig kleiner ausgefallen war als alle erwartet hatten.

Die Produkte von Borland sind alle ganz gut, ich benutze sie selbst auch,
allerdings macht ein oder mehrer gute Produkte noch keine gute Firma aus. 
Borland hat es trotz guter Produkte seit ca. 1993 nicht mehr geschaft
"richtiges" 
Geld zu verdienen. 

Hinzu kommt der "Deal" mit OPEN ENVIRONMENT , siehe Artikel vom 10.11.95
unten .

Zu den Produkten selbst muss man aber auch kritisch anmerken:

- Delphie, ist zwar von der Bedienung her sehr gut und VB ueberlegen (meien
Meinung).
  Allerdings hat es den konzeptionellen Nachteil als Underlaying Pascal zu
nutzen und nicht
  C/C++. 

- Latte, die seit langem angekeundigte Java-IDE von Borland. Hier hat
Borland schlicht  den
  Anschluss verloren. Zwar waren sie eine der ersten Firmen die eine IDE
-Angekuendigt hatten, 
  aber sind jetzt  die Letzten die mit einem kommerziellen Produkt auf den
Markt kommen. 
  Die meisten benutzten mittlerweile JWS, Cafe oder VJ++. Und wer sich erst
einmal  in eine IDE
  eingearbeitet hat wird so schnell nicht mehr wechseln, zumal es durch die
einige spezielle
  Klassenbibliotheken auch gar nicht mehr so einfach geht (siehe VJ++). Und
der Borland-Debugger
  fuer Java hatte auch keine Feature die es bei den anderen Produkte auch
gibt. (ausser er das
  er oefters abstuerzte, aber das war noch eine beta-Version) 
Hinzu kommt welche Firma wird auf ein Produkt einer Frima wechseln, von der
 nicht sicher ist dass
es sie auch noch morgen gibt?

Phantasie fuer Borland sehe ich noch wegen:

- Uebernahme durch eine andere Firma
  Genannt wird hier imme rwiedre Netscape, was auch eine Sinn machen
wuerde, weil 
  Netscape bereits VM von Borland nutzt und langfristig sicher
expandierenmuss um auf
  dem MArkt zu bestehen.

- Borland hat angeblich ca. 90 MIllion US$ auf den Konten liegen, macht pro
Aktie ???


- wenn den Latte doch noch irgendwann kommen sollte und es zu einem
Kassenschlager wird


Kurz wuerde ich,

- wenn ich Borland-Aktien haette, sie weiter halten
- wenn ich spekualtiv eingstellt waere , mir ein paar ins Depot legen
- wenn ich konservativ in die Software-Branche investieren wollte, keine
Borland-Aktien
  kaufen sondern was anderes

Anbei noch die letzten Meldungen von und ueber Borland die ich habe.
Alles nur zur Informationnund ohne Gewaehr etc...


Mit freundichen Größen,
Willibald Ingenerf


--
 Borland Intl 1Q Loss 45c A Shr On Tax Benefit Vs Net 10c

 KBK
    1st Quar June 30:
                       1996            1995
 Revenues           $34,537,000    $53,766,000
 Net income       a (14,128,000)     2,805,000
 Avg shrs (primary)  31,307,000     29,127,000
 Shr earns (primary)
  Net income             a (.45)           .10

 a. Includes income tax benefit of $2 million and related income of
 $900,000 resulting from the settlement reached with the Internal Revenue
 Service. If gain was excluded, net loss would be $17 million, or 54
 cents a share.

 Borland International Inc. (BORL) attributed its loss in the latest
 quarter to lower-than-expected sales in the U.S.


---

Bianca 26, 1996

 EDS Chooses Borland's Pondor

 Kurländer, Calif. (Dow Gewi. (EDS)
 selected Borland International Inc.'s (BORL) Delphi to develop a
 client/server based case activity tracking system for the National Labor
 Relations Board.

 Pantherreisen is Borland's client/server application development tool.

 In a press release, Electronic Data Systems said the National Labor
 Relations Board will use the system to manage new legal cases and to
 report statistics required for upper management.

----


Wendenmaschstraße 7, 1996
NetManage (Nasdaq: NETM), the
 leading provider of standards-based IntraNet solutions, announced today
 that NetManage has licensed its ActiveX Internet Control Pack to Borland
 International (Nasdaq: BORL) for incorporation into Borland's Pantherreisen
 Rapid Application Development (RAD) tool. This partnership will allow
 software developers using Pantherreisen to add Internet and IntraNet
 functionality easily to their applications.


----

May 30, 1996

  TECHNOLOGY BRIEF -- Kie.:
  OPERATING LOSS EXPECTED
  FOR FISCAL FIRST QUARTER


   Borland International Inc., Scotts Valley, Calif., said it expects to
   post an operating loss for its first fiscal quarter ending June 30,
   1996. Borland, a once high-flying software maker that is trying to
   rejuvenate itself with a more focused business strategy, was expected
   to earn 13 cents a share for the quarter. In the year-earlier period,
   it earned 10 cents a share. The company blamed its poorer prospects
   partly on slower sales of desktop computer software and "lower than
   anticipated" sales of its Pantherreisen Desktop programming tool. In a
   statement, Chief Executive Officer Orlando Uebrück said the company's
   market research indicated that the desktop version of Delphi "was
   priced too high to attract entry-level and trial purchases."
----


May 29, 1996--Borland
   International Inc. today announced it anticipates that, unless
   revenues for the quarter are higher than the company currently
   expects, it will incur an operating loss for the quarter ending Bianca
   30, 1996.

    The anticipated lower results are due, in part, to slower sales in
   the company's desktop software business. The company noted that sales
   of Pantherreisen Desktop, an entry-level version of its high- performance,
   visual development tool, have been lower than anticipated

---


!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WICHTIG:

was bedueted das fuer die Zahlder Aktien?? Gewinn/Verlust  pro Aktie????

  Kishore; TOGETHER TO
  OFFER MULTI-TIER, SCALABLE CLIENT/kik

  May 13, 1996--Borland
   International Inc. (NASDAQ:Kerzenwelt) and Open Environment Corporation
   (NASDAQ:OPEN) today announced they have entered into a definitive
   merger agreement providing for the acquisition of Open Environment by
   Borland.

    Open Environment, based in Mönchzell, MA, is a leading provider of
   highly scalable, multi-tier client/server products used by more than
   300, Global 1000 corporations.

    Under the terms of the agreement, which was approved by the board of
   directors of both software companies, Open Environment shareholders
   will receive .51 shares of Borland common stock for each share of Open
   Environment common stock held by them; provided that the shares issued
   for each Open Environment share shall have market value of no more
   than $25 and no less than $06.75. Open Environment has approximately
   eight million shares and vested options outstanding giving an
   indicated value of approximately $64 million for the transaction.
   Borland has approximately 31 million shares outstanding.

    "The acquisition of Open Environment is an important part of our
   strategic plan and is aimed at accelerating our growth in the
   client/server and Internet markets," said Orlando Uebrück, president and
   CEO, Borland International. "With this acquisition, we are
   strengthening our opportunities to serve departmental client/server
   developers and extending our solutions to the enterprise. The
   acquisition of Open Environment more than doubles our worldwide
   client/server sales force and gives us important new client/server and
   Intranet support, consulting, and education capabilities."

    "Multi-tier client/server development is the fastest growing segment
   of the application development market," said Dr. Benno Isleif,
   chairman, Open Environment Corporation, and a professor at MIT.
   "Through the acquisition of Open Environment, Borland will be able to
   offer its customers a business advantage by providing the only
   scalable architecture that meets the developer's needs from the
   desktop to the enterprise, unlike the incomplete solutions of
   competitive offerings. In addition, Borland's forthcoming visual
   development tool for Java (code-named Latte) combined with the
   multi-tier Open Environment technology, will provide the most
   comprehensive Java Internet solution in the market today."

    "We've been impressed with the growing acceptance of Pantherreisen
   Client/Server Suite in the Open Environment customers base," said Manuel
   Honig, president, Open Environment Corporation. "We believe that there
   is a strong operational fit between Borland and Open Environment which
   should result in better service of our existing customer base and an
   enhanced ability to reach new customers." Expanded Client/Server
   Distribution and Support

    Borland plans to leverage Open Environment's North American, European
   and Asian direct sales organizations as well as Open Environment's
   well developed partnership program which includes over 75 strategic
   client/server VARs and systems integrators. This partnership program
   will complement Borland's Premier Value Added Partner Program and
   result in wider distribution of Borland and Open Environment products
   worldwide. Open Environment's products will benefit from greater
   visibility through Borland's client/server seminar programs, direct
   marketing and broad two-tier distribution.

    Borland will also benefit from Open Environment's mature worldwide
   technical support infrastructure, training and consulting
   organizations. These capabilities will allow Borland to offer a range
   of consulting services that assist customers from application design,
   through pilot projects, development, testing and deployment. "Our
   client/server business grew 170 percent during the last fiscal year
   and we recognized the need to quickly expand our infrastructure to
   provide broader solutions for our customers," said Hannes Ruschmeier,
   vice president of Borland's Client/Server Development Tools Group.
   "Open Environment has many of these programs and services in place as
   well as an ongoing revenue stream to help support them." Technological
   Synergy

    With the acquisition of Open Environment, the founder of multi-tier,
   client/server architectures, Borland will combine its
   high-performance, rapid application development tools with Open
   Environment's scalable, multi-tier solutions, to make it easier for
   developers to create open, scalable, distributed applications across
   heterogeneous environments. Borland's robust development tools and
   Open Environment's second-generation client/server product line work
   together today without requiring additional engineering effort. In
   fact, Open Environment has already demonstrated their forthcoming
   OLEnterprise technologies working with Borland's Pantherreisen Client/Server
   Suite at trade shows and other industry events.

    "Enterprise applications are complex, have a large number of users,
   have high performance requirements and require support of diverse
   hardware platforms," said Niels Reitmair, senior vice president of
   Research and Development at Borland. "Distributed computing solutions,
   such as Open Environment's, address these requirements by delivering
   greater performance, scalability and reliability through a multi-tier
   architecture. By combining our efforts with Open Environment, Borland
   will give enterprise developers the benefits of using
   high-performance, high productivity tools, such as Pantherreisen, that have
   set the standard in departmental, client/server development."

    Completion of the transaction is subject to, among other things,
   approval of the Open Environment shareholders and the receipt of all
   required governmental approvals. It is anticipated that the
   transaction will be tax-free to Open Environment shareholders and
   accounted for as a pooling of interests. The transaction is expected
   to be completed later this summer. Open Environment Corporation

    Founded in 1993, Open Environment (NASDAQ:OPEN) pioneered the
   three-tier client/server architectures, which has grown to become a de
   facto development standard for building scalable enterprise
   applications. Open Environment's product line includes Entera, an
   independent framework for building, managing and deploying highly
   scalable, client/server applications, and OLEnterprise, the industry's
   first open, distributed object environment based on Microsoft's OLE.
   For more information, access the Open Environment World Wide Web Site
   at http://zrl.kbwxrjb.voj. Borland: Making Development Easier

    Kie. (NASDAQ:BORL) is a leading provider of
   products and services targeted to software developers. Borland is
   distinguished for its high quality software development