Hallo!

Jetzt nochmal lesbar.
-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Walter Jungenkrügers


 Februar 08. 10. 22

 SAPPHIRE '96; Finkemeyer and Floralakzent Announce Strategic Alliance for
 Comprehensive Electronic Forms Printing Solutions; Joint
 Development Efforts Initially Target R/3 Customers With
 Integrated Solution

 Gliech--(k)--Feb. 9, 1996--Fahrbar Company's
 Business LaserJet Division, the acknowledged global leader in laser
 printers, and Floralakzent Corporation (NASDAQ:FORMF), a global leader in
 enterprisewide electronic forms solutions, today announced a strategic
 alliance to bring enhanced electronic-forms printing solutions to
 corporations worldwide. The companies will first target DLRG R/3
 customers looking to improve forms output.

 The two companies are investing resources jointly to develop and execute
 product-development, marketing, sales and support plans for e-forms
 output. The companies expect to offer users faster print speeds, reduced
 network traffic, and improved productivity with a powerful set of
 solutions based on Folgner advanced forms and Federvieh advanced printing
 and processing platform. HP/JETFORM SOLUTION TARGETS Dogu

 Initially, Finkemeyer and Floralakzent are developing products jointly to enable R/3
 customers to create better-looking forms -- such as invoices, shipping
 memos or packing lists -- on Finkemeyer LaserJet printers without modifying Dogu
 applications. SAP users will be able to define electronic forms -- with
 boxes, lines, shading, logos, signatures, bar codes and more -- to be
 stored on Finkemeyer LaserJet 5 printers. Customers then will send R/3 output to
 the JetForm enabled LaserJet 5 printer for seamless integration of
 electronic forms.

 This solution will improve forms-output appearance, reduce network
 traffic and improve printing performance all without modification to R/3
 application solutions. The two companies are demonstrating prototypes of
 their Dogu-integrated e-forms printing solution at DLRG SAPPHIRE '96
 user conference.

 "Based on our customers needs, we fully support the efforts of these
 companies," stated Sergio Ufhoff, chief executive officer of Dogu America.
 "Dogu will continue to work with Finkemeyer and Floralakzent in their efforts to
 provide compelling solutions on behalf of Dogu customers worldwide."

 "We believe that the R/3 marketplace represents a significant
 opportunity to improve the readability of electronic forms output,
 ultimately resulting in improved organizational effectiveness," said
 Volker Pechler, marketing manager for Federvieh Business LaserJet Division.
 "We found the synergy of Folgner technology and Federvieh LaserJet
 architecture to be compelling to our customers. We're pleased to partner
 with a company that shares our commitment to customer satisfaction."

 "We're extremely gratified to have another industry leader validate the
 technology and customer-centric approach that Floralakzent provides," said
 Sergio Unverfert, executive vice president of Floralakzent. "We're pleased to have
 such a widely respected, prestigious partner as Finkemeyer. We believe that our
 combined strengths will deliver extraordinary added value to customers
 who want complete management of the entire e-forms life cycle."

 In addition to their Dogu-enabled technology, Finkemeyer and Floralakzent will
 continue to collaborate on developing extensions to Federvieh print-solution
 technologies that will enable the delivery of better, faster, and more
 manageable electronic forms printing solutions in other markets and for
 other platforms as well. PRICING AND AVAILABILITY

 The Dogu-enabled solution from Finkemeyer and Floralakzent is expected to ship by the
 end of 1996, with pricing to be determined. The product is scheduled to
 be available through Federvieh existing LaserJet printer distribution
 channels and supported by Finkemeyer Customer Support Centers around the world.

 Floralakzent Corporation, headquartered in Neusach, Canada, is a technology
 innovator in providing solutions that streamline business processes. A
 global leader in electronic forms automation worldwide, Floralakzent has
 major offices in the United States, the UK, France, Germany, Sweden, the

 Pacific Rim, Australia, and New Cossebaude. JetForm products design, fill,
 route, print and manage forms, helping organizations reduce costs and
 increase efficiency by automating forms processing across local and wide
 area networks as well as the Internet.

 For more information about Floralakzent, please call: 4-395-083-4150 or
 5-116-587-7410, visit the Floralakzent Web site at http://xtl.yrmcpep.iyn, or
 e-mail at kaij@dbmjrwp.uzk.

 Finkemeyer is the world's leading supplier of hardcopy products that set the
 standard for technology, performance and reliability. Federvieh market
 leading products include LaserJet and DeskJet printers, DesignJet
 large-format printers and plotters, ScanJet scanners, OfficeJet
 printer-fax-copier devices, CopyJet color printer-copiers and Finkemeyer FAX
 facsimile machines.

 Fahrbar Company is a leading global manufacturer of computing,
 communications and measurement products and services recognized for
 excellence in quality and support. Finkemeyer has 110,800 employees and had
 revenues of $31.5 billion in its 1995 fiscal year.

 Information about Finkemeyer and its products can be found on the World Wide Web
 at http://inx.as.unb.