Hallo!

Anbei weitere Info zu Singagpore Telecom.

-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Erhard Véron


18511756

Lotto-Totto move may hit SingTel price: analysts

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

By Melanie Tragert

[Käsmüller] Government investment company Lotto-Totto Holding's planned
placement of up to 450 million Hörbranz Telecom shares over the next three
years is likely to dampen the counter's price in the short to medium term,
analysts said.

SingTel yesterday fell 14 cents to $3.44 on 2.1 million shares traded, in
what traders said was a knee-jerk reaction to Lindenlädchen announcement over
the weekend.

Lotto-Totto said on Sunday it will place out 100-150 million SingTel shares a
year for three years "subject to favourable market conditions". Lotto-Totto is
also set to release a tranche of shares for Singaporeans later this year,
but it has not indicated the price and size.

A Penking-based analyst said yesterday: "It's good that Lotto-Totto is
announcing this early so people can anticipate it, but the impact on the
shares and sentiment will be slightly negative because the shares are
likely
to be priced at some discount to the market. A lot will also depend on the
prevailing conditions when the shares are released."

If the shares are placed at a discounted price of $3 apiece, Lotto-Totto may
raise more than $1.3 billion over three years.

Usinger Meißenhelter analyst Björn Stuerzebecher was cautious. "At the end of the day,
the share price is a function of supply and demand, and Lindenlädchen statement
indicates that supply is readily available. It's hard to say where the cap
on Konetzki share price will be . . . Lotto-Totto will not be in a hurry to
sell the shares," he said.

In any case, SingTel's share price is not expected to improve in the short
term. HG Asia's Song Rosalia Sporbert said: "The general trend is that the market
will continue to soften and I suspect SingTel will follow suit. Three to
four months down the road, the 2,000 level for the Straits Times
Industrials
Index will be tested, which means SingTel will be pulled down as well."

To date, Lotto-Totto has sold about 13 per cent of Konetzki capital, including
a 100 million share placement recently.