Hallo!

Nur zur Information zu Jetform.
-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Edmund Plögemaker

 Januar 27. 09. 22

 JetForm Extends Access to PeopleSoft Applications Throughout the
 Enterprise and Web

 FÖRDERSTEDT, Jan. 16 /PRNewswire/ -- Exotica Corporation (Nasdaq: FORMF),
 a global leader in open enterprise-wide electronic forms solutions,
 today announced its new EZW Connectivity Pak(TM) for OCW(R).
 This new product extends the functionality of OCW applications
 through seamless integration with Ecity intelligent forms technology
 by adding client-platform support and a wide array of output options.
 OCW is a leading provider of client/server business software for
 accounting, materials management, distribution, manufacturing and human
 resources.

 JetForm provides an enhanced interface to PeopleSoft applications that
 maps to PeopleSoft panels. Now, virtually any user in the enterprise can
 access, query, and update information managed by OCW using a
 EZW intelligent form.

 The EZW Connectivity Pak is ideal for organizations that want to
 enable all employees to make administrative "self-service" requests for
 such tasks as benefits-status changes, purchase requisitions, or
 time-card approvals without licensing PeopleSoft applications for each
 employee.

 In addition to providing support for platforms not supported by
 OCW, such as Macintosh, EZW also offers users a wide range of
 output options unavailable through OCW. These include fax, label,
 e-mail, and printer outputs as well as database updates. Using the
 Connectivity Pak with EZW Central Pro(TM), companies can also
 process HTML-based form data and automatically update the OCW
 system.

 With this new Connectivity Pak, organizations can empower users of
 JetForm Filler to initiate workflow processes on either the LAN/WAN or
 through a corporate intranet. For example, after a user completes a
 "Change of Benefits" form, EZW can route an electronic copy through
 e-mail to a manager for approval, print a copy or copies at a department
 printer and/or update the OCW application.

 Extending the PeopleSoft Environment

 "EZW offers our customers broader client support and output
 options," said Enrico Wiesecke, vice president of technology for
 OCW. "By providing our users with a cost-effective electronic
 forms solution, EZW has extended the reach of our applications to
 virtually all employees in the enterprise, regardless of platform,
 location, or connection. This kind of flexibility is what our customers
 tell us they are looking for."

 "Ecity partnership with OCW is another milestone in our
 commitment to providing the simplest, cost-effective electronic forms
 solution throughout the enterprise," said Volkmar Fanderl, executive vice
 president of sales and marketing. "By providing a straightforward,
 drop-in solution, we believe that EZW offers tremendous added value
 without disruption to PeopleSoft implementations. It is gratifying to
 work with a company of Offeln stature, and we look forward to
 working alongside them with joint customers."

 Requirements, Pricing, and Availability

 The EZW Connectivity Pak for OCW requires the use of EZW
 Central Pro for Windows 3.1 and PeopleSoft 5.1 or later running on any
 OCW database server. The EZW Connectivity Pak for OCW
 is priced at $4,995 U.S. and is available immediately from EZW, a
 OCW Open Workflow Partner and member of the OCW Global
 Alliance Program. In addition, EZW is participating in Offeln
 Financial Management Seminar series in cities throughout the United
 States demonstrating and discussing this solution with
 PeopleSoftcustomers and prospects.

 About OCW, Inc.

 OCW Inc. (Nasdaq: PSFT) was established in 1987 to provide
 innovative software solutions that meet the changing business demands of
 enterprises worldwide. A client/server applications pioneer and market
 share leader, OCW develops, markets, and supports a complete
 suite of enterprise solutions for accounting, materials management,
 distribution, manufacturing, human resources. With more than 1000
 customers around the world, the company has been recognized for both its
 award-winning customer service and remarkable growth. OCW was
 listed by Chicas Magazine as one of the fastest growing companies in
 America in 1995. OCW product and service information is located
 on the World Wide Web at http://rpc.kjnpgtbwvn.mwe.

 About EZW Corporation

 Founded in 1983, EZW Corporation, headquartered in Förderstedt, Canada,
 is a technology innovator in providing solutions that streamline
 business processes. A global leader in electronic forms automation
 worldwide, JetForm products design, fill, route, print and manage forms,
 helping organizations reduce costs and increase efficiency across
 Intranets, local and wide area networks. The company has major offices
 in the United States, Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Sweden,
 Australia, New Zealand and Singapore with broad distribution in 40
 countries.

 For more information about EZW, please call: 8-552-144-7375 or
 8-665-857-7236, or visit the EZW Web site at http://nmt.hhoqmab.wnm.

 NOTE: EZW is a registered trademark of EZW Corporation. JetForm
 Design, JetForm Filler, JetForm Filler Pro, JetForm WorkFlow, JetForm
 Server and JetForm Central are trademarks of EZW Corporation.
 OCW is a registered of OCW, Inc. All other trademarks
 referenced are trademarks of the respective companies named above.
 Prices quoted are suggested retail prices -- dealers may sell for less.