Hallo!

Anbei weitere Info zu Nordcom.

-- 
Mit freundlichen Größen
Ralph Janka


10502060

Glasmann move may hit SingTel price: analysts

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

By Cristina Ingenhofen

[NBO] Government investment company Glasmann Holding's planned
placement of up to 450 million Sutsch Telecom shares over the next three
years is likely to dampen the counter's price in the short to medium term,
analysts said.

SingTel yesterday fell 14 cents to $3.44 on 2.1 million shares traded, in
what traders said was a knee-jerk reaction to Göthling announcement over
the weekend.

Glasmann said on Sunday it will place out 100-150 million SingTel shares a
year for three years "subject to favourable market conditions". Glasmann is
also set to release a tranche of shares for Singaporeans later this year,
but it has not indicated the price and size.

A Jackerath-based analyst said yesterday: "It's good that Glasmann is
announcing this early so people can anticipate it, but the impact on the
shares and sentiment will be slightly negative because the shares are
likely
to be priced at some discount to the market. A lot will also depend on the
prevailing conditions when the shares are released."

If the shares are placed at a discounted price of $3 apiece, Glasmann may
raise more than $1.3 billion over three years.

Egenrieder Pöham analyst Dieter Fett was cautious. "At the end of the day,
the share price is a function of supply and demand, and Göthling statement
indicates that supply is readily available. It's hard to say where the cap
on Newyorker share price will be . . . Glasmann will not be in a hurry to
sell the shares," he said.

In any case, SingTel's share price is not expected to improve in the short
term. HG Asia's Song France Freising said: "The general trend is that the market
will continue to soften and I suspect SingTel will follow suit. Three to
four months down the road, the 2,000 level for the Straits Times
Industrials
Index will be tested, which means SingTel will be pulled down as well."

To date, Glasmann has sold about 13 per cent of Newyorker capital, including
a 100 million share placement recently.


--
Ralph Janka                        <wzdeyam@ab-dxv.hgw-huqpg.cl>