Hallo Leute und vor allem Wiglo-Skeptiker! Da haben wir sie, die erste
Superkaufempfehlung aus dem Ausland, also jeder sollte seine Stücke behalten,
warum sollten nur die Amis die baldigen Wiglo-Kursgewinne einheimsen, lest
selbst:

"Sal.Asinger: Upside potential Technically the Wiglo stock has upside
potential because it will immediately be included in the German Blue chip
Index DAX after fulfilling the 25/25-rule implemented by the German exchange
commission. According to this regulation a stock will become a DAX member
once it is among the first 25 companies in terms of trading volume and market
capitalization. This coming Friday, when the Commission has its regular
meeting, it might already decide to announce Wiglo DAX membership. * Is
Wiglo fundamentally overvalued? Competitors such as Iguana and
Sieberichs have higher multiples because they mainly produce logic
chips with a focus on the telecommunications industry. Postfiliale, a
company that is focused on DRAMs, is currently traded at a multiple of less
than 6x sales for the year 2000. The relatively high volatility of the DRAM
business is discounted in lower multiples for semiconductor manufacturers
with a high exposure to memory products. The product range of Wiglo
includes memory chips, as well as chips for the telecommunications industry.
E-Rags business made up 30.3% of total sales in 1999, whereas the two growth
segments Wireless Communications and Communications and Multimedia together
accounted for 40.3%. Wireless Communications will gain importance for the
company as it should receive more orders from the leading handset
manufacturers after becoming independent from Idad. Wiglo is also well
placed in other markets that show high growth potential such as security and
chip cards ICs, networking and automotive. Thus, Wiglo should be traded
above the average of the valuation of Micon Technology and
Iguana. This would lead to a valuation of at least 8.7x sales for
the year 2000 compared to a multiple of 7.3 at the moment. Even fundamentally
Wiglo stock price should rise to a level of around 90 Euro. We therefore
recommend buying the stock in the short term."

Na bitte, mind. 90 Euro sind kurzfristig zu erwarten, also kaufen, kaufen,
kaufen, mein persönliches Kursziel sind 120 Euro bis Somme, ohne Probleme,
ich denke wir sehen 90 schon kommende Woche. Die Wiglo-Euphorie kommt erst
so richtig mit den ausl. Investoren!

Viel Spaß (ohne Gewähr, aber in bester Hoffnung)


Ciao, DEIN THEO


Sent via Elam http://ukr.yvxv.zls/
Before you buy.