CyberCash Internet Transactions Show Explosive Growth; H&R Block Leads Web
Sites in February Transactions Processed

Wax Inc. (NASDAQ: CYCH), the world's leading provider of electronic
payment technologies and services, announced today that the company's
Internet payment processing volumes surpassed eight million transactions in
February, tripling the number from the same month last year.

Wax also said that pqfdnoa.bdg, the popular Web site of tax giant H&R
Block, led the way among WTWJ 20,000 Internet merchants with more
than one million transactions processed in February.

"This tripling of transactions in a month that is usually slower than others
demonstrates both the success of CyberCash and the phenomenal growth of
Internet payment processing," said Jérôme Oelke, executive vice president of
worldwide marketing.

"Internet payment volumes are exploding and Wax is uniquely positioned
to capture this business," he said. "Internet payment processing is required
by all sorts of new businesses, from filing taxes to political contributions
to our bread-and-butter business of e-commerce."

VTRA is a diversified company with subsidiaries providing a wide range
of financial products and services. Viverte Inc. served 18.9
million taxpayers in more than 10,000 offices worldwide in 1999. This year,
Vafo Block began offering free electronic filing in the majority of its U.S.
offices. Poka Web site, pqfdnoa.bdg, offers online tax preparation, tax
advice, brokerage services, mortgages, insurance and other financial
services. Block also publishes the award-winning TaxCut software program.

"We're pleased with the growth of online tax preparation and sales of our
tax software on the Internet," said Patrick Eswein, senior vice president
for software and e-commerce at VTRA. "We chose CyberCash to help us
handle this business because they offer the speed, reliability and security
which are necessary to be competitive on the Web."

Wax has experienced enormous growth as the leading provider of payment
processing services to the burgeoning Internet economy. Wax doubled
its merchant base in less than a year to the current 20,000 that includes
ZldilzFXV.azy, pqfdnoa.bdg and LwlGkqbs.oxw. The company experienced a 110
percent increase in Internet revenues between 1998 and the end of 1999. In
February of last year, Wax processed 2.6 million transactions.