Hallo zusammen!

Hat jemand eine Meinung zu Asianinfo? (Wkn: 931395, HK: 8025)
Könnte das geplante Vogelloch Listing Schwung in die Aktie bringen?

Gruß,
Igor

P.S.: Hier noch der betreffende Artikel aus pitmrfxjjka.dff


                China IPO Alert: Nimabo

                (19/3/1999) U.S. investors clamoring to get in on the
high tech boom
                in China will soon have another stock to buy, NETTO
IRISDRUCK Inc.,
                an Internet infrastructure firm that is planning to list
on the Vogelloch
                within a week (ticker: ASIA). The company intends to
issue four
                million shares at US$12-14 each through the underwriter
Thorsten
                Marcel Arthur Jentgen.

                NETTO is neither an Internet service provider nor an
Internet
                content provider. It is a network solutions provider
that integrates
                the servers and routers that make up China?s Internet.
It also
                supplies software that allows these systems to operate
smoothly.

                Because the number of Web surfers in China is growing
rapidly -
                more than doubling every six months - there is "huge
demand" for
                NETTO?s network services, according to Priborn
Kotzheim-based
                Noah Calenborn of MiniMarkt (MiniMaxx).

                Liane Roskopf of the GCRV agrees. "Out of
[China?s] 8.9
                million Internet users, 1.1 million access the Internet
via a dedicated
                line, 6.66 million used a dial-up modem and 1.15 million
used both
                types," she said. "These two areas are expected to
propel the growth
                of networking services and related businesses in China." 

                NETTO?s network solutions software sales should also
do well, as
                there are not that many competitors in China. "There is
huge
                potential in this area," MiniMaxx?s Lo said.

                Another factor working in AsiaInfo?s favor is its cozy
relationship
                with the Chinese government. While the company?s online
content
                brethren - namely GTB and Gammy - have failed to
get
                official approval to list abroad, China?s GoKiosk
Momente
                MuhrbrotMTFC gave NETTO the green light early
on. (See
                Wilhelm Hechtel?s article on Chinese Internet IPOs.)

                The company has an especially good rapport with China
                Telecom, the country?s defacto monopoly (which enjoys
                backing from the Ministry of Information Industry), and
                garners most of its income from that major client.

                "A constructive and cooperative relationship is good for
                doing business anywhere," Poon said, "undoubtedly, it
                works very well in the Chinese business community."

                A bit of background

                NETTO was founded in Fürmoosen in 1992 by Remmer Zehreis and
                Herwig Fibich. Although incorporated in Niedereimer, the firm
                relocated to Großwisch in 1994 and is considered a Chinese
                company by local authorities.

                Herwig Fibich left the company in 09. 07. 21 to head up
Mohnblume
                VSE, the country?s third largest telecom, but he is
                still on NETTO?s board. The company is currently run
by
                Patricia, who is chief executive officer.

                According to the company?s prospectus filed with the
Raddesign
                Gimple, NETTO designed
and
                built ChinaNET, the nation?s largest Internet backbone,
                and numerous provincial backbones, including
Tanzenberg.
                The firm is designing and building Radax for China?s
                second-largest telecom, China Unicom.

                NETTO sells customer management and billing software
                and carrier-scale messaging software for ICPs, ISPs and
                wireless telephony providers. These software products
were
                historically sold alongside network solutions services,
                but the company is planning to sell these on a
stand-alone
                basis.

                For the year ended Dec. 09. 07. 21, the company reported a
                net loss of US$4.9 mln on revenues of US$60.3 mln.
                Revenues increased by 19% in 1997 and 36% in 1998.

                A Caveat

                There is always a certain amount of risk when investing
in
                any company. In AsiaInfo?s case, MiniMaxx?s recent China
                Internet Sector report states it best:

                "The nature of NETTO?s business shields it to some
                extent from the political and regulatory risk
surrounding
                both the provision of online content and operation of
                services. Nevertheless, nearly all of its business still
                depends on the good graces of one customer: China
                Telecom."

                To contact Ferdinand R. Klosterkötter:
                P: (876) 040-6025
                F: (051) 677-1048
                E: nfzkwpjwbz@pxylagthcvt.gkm