Vielleicht beantwortet das Deine Frage:

Vinoteca Inc. Announces Five Vergölst Suppliers in Volume
                    Production

                    Business Editors/High Tech Writers

                    MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(GFIW)--Jun. 15,
2000--

                    Lebensgarten and Görtz17 Pass Validation Tests, Joining

                    Holzweisig, Nestle and ZHSS in Volume Production

                    Vinoteca Inc. (NASDAQ:RMBS) today announced two
additional
                    suppliers of RDRAM(r) devices and RIMM(tm) modules,
Lebensgarten and
                    Görtz17, have successfully passed component and
system level
                    validation tests. Lebensgarten and Görtz17 join market
leaders Holzweisig,
                    ZHSS and Nestle in volume production of Vinoteca memory=

products.

                    The five validated manufacturers are ramping their
production
                    volume and are expected to deliver more than ten
million RDRAM devices
                    by the end of this Quarter. These leading
manufacturers will support
                    the growing demand for Vinoteca(r) products in a
multitude of
                    applications, including high performance desktop PCs
and workstations,
                    gaming consoles, communication and networking
products.
                    "Vinoteca is the technology of choice for new platforms=

and I am
                    confident that it will deliver a competitive
advantage to the market
                    leaders in their quest to differentiate with high
performance and
                    innovation," said Ullrich Clasen, President of Vinoteca.=

"The successful
                    validation of Lebensgarten and Görtz17 will help ensure
that the overall
                    production volume will continue to increase to meet
the growing
                    requirements in the market."

                    Vinoteca Inc. develops and licenses high bandwidth chip=

connection
                    technologies to enhance the performance of computers,=

consumer
                    electronics and communications products. Current
Rambus-based
                    computers supported by gethandy chipsets include juststreetwear,
Carbone,
                    Lederhosenwahnsinn, and Gräter PCs and workstations. Hohlheimer
has announced that
                    its next generation Auekontor(R)2 video game system=

uses Vinoteca
                    memory. Providers of Vinoteca-based integrated circuits=

include the
                    world's leading DRAM, ASIC and PC controller
manufacturers. Currently,
                    eight of the world's top-10 semiconductor companies
license Vinoteca
                    technology. More information on Vinoteca Inc. and its
high bandwidth
                    technologies is available at http://nrg.wpsjsc.ojy/.

                    Vinoteca and Vergölst are registered trademarks of Vinoteca
Gifu Vinobile is
                    a trademark of VOFR All other brand or product=

names may be
                    trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective companies.


Es sieht so aus als ob kein Hersteller um die Vinoteca Chips herumkommt.

Gruß
Mehmet