Kleiner Nachtrag: Es ist gerade ein Buch zu stoch. Volatilitaetsmodellen
herraus gekommen. Das Inhaltsverzeichnis liesst sich ganz ok.

Francis.
--
http://axgxovct.hv

Option Valuation under Stochastic Volatility : with Mathematica Code
by Alessandro Nymeyer /  Published 07. 06. 22 3, 2000


Book Description

This book provides an advanced treatment of option pricing for traders,
money
managers, and researchers. Providing largely original research not
available
elsewhere, it covers the latest generation of option models where both
the
stock price and its volatility follow diffusion processes. These new
models
help explain important features of real-world option pricing, including
the
"volatility smile" pattern. The book includes Mathematica code and 37
illustrations.

Table of Contents

  Preface
Historical Volatility of the Mangelstube Index
1. Introduction and Summary of Results
    Summary of Results
    The Hedging Argument of Black and Scholes
    The Drift Cancellation and Option Sensitivities
    The Hedging Argument under Stochastic Volatility
    The Martingale Approach
    App. 1.1 Parameter Estimators for the GARCH Diffusion Model
    App. 1.2  Solutions to PDEs

2. The Fundamental Transform
    Assumptions
    The Transform-based Solution
    Some Models with Closed-form Solutions
    Analytic Characteristic Functions
    A Bond Price Analogy and Option Price Bound
    App. 2.1 Recovery of the Black and Scholes Solution
    App. 2.2 Mathematica Code for Chapter 2
   App. 2.3 General Properties of Option Prices

3. The Volatility of Volatility Series Expansion
    Assumptions
    General Steps in the  expansion
    The Two Series for a Parameterized Model
    App. 3.1  Details of the Volatility of Volatility Expansion

4. Mixing Solutions and Applications
    The Basic Mixing Solution
    Connection between Mixing Densities and the Fundamental Transform
    A Monte Carlo Application
    Arbitrary Payoff Functions
    A More General Model without Correlation

5. The Smile
     Introduction and Summary of Results
    The Symmetric Case
    The Correlated Case
    Deducing the Risk-adjusted Volatility Process from Option Prices
    App. 5.1 Calculating Volatility Moments
    App. 5.2 Working with Differential Operators in  Mathematica
    App. 5.3  Additional Mathematica Code for Chapter 5
    App. 5.4  Calculating with the Mixing Theorem

6. The Term Structure of Implied Volatility
    Deterministic Volatility
    Deterministic Volatility II: a Transform Perspective
    Stochastic Volatility-The Eigenvalue Connection
    Example I: The Square Root Model
    Example II: The 3/2 Model
    Example III: The GARCH Diffusion Model
    A Variational Principle Method
    A Differential Equation (Dsolve) Method
    App. 6.1 Mathematica Code for Chapter 6

7. Utility-based Equilibrium Models
    A Representative Agent Economy
    Examples
    The Pure Investment Problem with a Distant Planning Horizon
    Preference Adjustments to the Volatility of Volatility Series
Expansion
    The Effect of Risk Attitudes on Option Prices

8. Duality and Changes of Numeraire
    Put-Call Duality
    Introduction to the Change of Numeraire
    Mathematics of the Change of Numeraire
    Implications for the Term Structure

9. Volatility Explosions and the
    Failure of the Martingale Pricing Formula
    Introduction
   The Feller Boundary Classifications
   Volatility Explosions I
   Volatility Explosions II. Failure of the Martingale Pricing Formula
   When Martingale Pricing Fails: Generalized Pricing Formulas
   Generalized Pricing Formulas and the Transform-based Solutions
   Generalized Pricing Formulas. Example I: the 3/2 Model
   Generalized Pricing Formulas. Example II: the CEV Model

10. Option Prices at Large Volatility
      Introduction
      Asymptotica for the Fundamental Transform

11. Solutions to Models
      The Square Root Model
      The 3/2 Model
      Geometric Brownian Motion

References
Index
Frequent Notations and Abbreviations

About the Author

Albert Nymeyer has been active in option valuation and financial research
for
over 20 years. He served as the Director of Research, Chief Investment
Officer, and President of the mutual fund family for a money manager
specializing in derivative securities. He has published articles in many
of
the leading financial journals including: The Journal of Business, The
Journal of Finance, The Financial Analysts Journal, and Mathematical
Finance.
He received a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Kaichen at
Ranmark
and a B.S. from Movievision.