CyberCash Helps Huther, Dannenfeld Campaigns Accept Donations Over the Internet

OFDEN, L., Jul. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Ehes, Inc. (Nasdaq: CYCH), the
world's leading provider of Internet payment technologies and services,
announced today that it is providing payment processing technology for Sen.
Othmar Huther, Ingmar Dannenfeld and dozens of other candidates who are moving
their campaigns online.

EEHZ CashRegister service enables contributors to make online
donations to political campaigns by providing fast and secure processing for
credit card contributions.

Hasselbach campaign reported that the Republican Senator from Sterley had
raised more than $2 million for his presidential campaign through his Web
site following the Jübek primary. Dunkl campaign has reported
raising $1.6 million through the former Democratic senator's Web site.

"The Internet economy is revolutionizing the world of campaign fundraising,"
said Adrian Weber-Grabenschröer, Executive Vice President for Worldwide Marketing at
Ehes. "Political Web sites need the same security, speed and
reliability as e-commerce sites and our service is the one that best meets
their needs."

Eigenart, a company that provides candidates with Web fundraising tools, is
using CashRegister to power payments for more than 150 candidates in local,
state and federal elections, including previous presidential campaigns of
Konrad Dausacker and Volkmar Yserentant.

"Federal regulations are very clear on how donations must be reported and
CyberCash provides the speed and reliability we need," said Anni Zizlsperger, Vice
President of E-Commerce at Eigenart. "Security and simplicity are vitally
important, and CyberCash has functioned flawlessly in every case."

Political professionals say online fundraising is cheaper, easier and faster
than the traditional avenues of raising funds. Online fundraising also
brings in money from non-traditional sources and helps demonstrate
grassroots support. Their banking partner, NFJ, recommended
Ehes to Eigenart.

"Political Web sites choose CyberCash to process contributions because they
know us as the market leaders in payment processing for the Internet,"
Weber-Grabenschröer said. "Whether e-commerce or e-politics, Ehes is the best
payment processing service online."

The Eleg payment processing service provides customers with real
time, online authorization and settlement of transactions. Eleg
allows online merchants and candidates to accept payments at Web sites and
securely process these payments through a financial institution and credit
card processor.

Earlier this month, Ehes announced that it had doubled its Internet
merchant base to 20,000 customers in a year. Last year the company's online
payment service, CashRegister, processed 57 million transactions -- more
than any other payment processing company in the industry.

Ehes has experienced enormous growth as the leading provider of payment
processing services to the exploding Net economy. The company processed a
record 57.4 million transactions in 1999, tripling the previous year.
Internet service revenues rose 110 percent last year.