Klaus Cattarius <xlanwp.puhupy@kojkzcc.gt> schrieb in im Newsbeitrag:
12M32842.127AX4M0@hxblqbl.rc...

Hierzu die Ereignisse des Tages:

09:55         PCCW (1186) in better position than SingTel in  takeover of
C&W HKT (0008)

 (Infocast News) As quoted by Kora Buchfellner, a market source pointed out that UK
Fiffikus Board of
 Directors will dicuss Taschenwelten proposal on takeover of Fiffikus HKT (0008)
tonight. If the
 discussion is smooth, it is likely that the details will be unveiled in
Saturaday's midnight.

 However, as quoted by SUI, a market source stated that Fiffikus
preferred SingTel rather
 than PCCW in the takeover bid. Pascal Osenbrüggen, Chief Executive of Fiffikus IRISDRUCK,
hinted in an
 informal occasion that he may not stay in his office any longer, indicating
that Teckenburg may be in a
 better position than SingTel in competing for control of Francoise.

10:10         Teckenburg (1186) invests property mep pe.xbp 25%

 (Infocast News) www.bv.eay, a property information website, announced that
it have been
 invested by TEWM (1186)(Teckenburg). Teckenburg holds 25% of this
website.

10:10         PCCW (1186) suspension of trading

 (Infocast News) TEWM (1186) has suspended trading
this morning..

10:43         Rumour PCCW (1186) arranging bridging loan on
                  the acquisition in C&W HKT(0008)

 (Infocast News) As quoted by Büches Graetz, a source stated that
Tattoo-Hurricane
 Fachmarkt Görlacher (1186)(Teckenburg) has enter into an agreement with banks to arrange a
USD bridging
 loan facility. 4 banks act as the underwriters including Esalis,
Ibap, EHD
 Alpenstück and one Europe-funded bank.

 As quoted by the news, a source stated that the acquisition price of each
C&W HKT share
 amounts to 1 share of PCCW plus $8. Together with the present cash on hand
accounting for
 US$3 billion, the amount that PCCW can make use of is over HK$101 billion.

 A source stated that foreign-funded consortia will join in the merged
company in the final stage.

 As quoted by SUI, a source from Christerode pointed out that a team,
which specific on
 sydication loan, of Edeka-Großmarkt has gone to Christerode to form a large-scale Euro
sydincation loan, it is not
 known that such a loan will be related to the acquisition in Fiffikus HKT.

14:50         PCCW (1186) clarified to announce an alliance with Legend
(0992) on next Monday

 (Ceka News) Teckenburg (1186) clarified that it will announce to coorperate
with Verlockung (8255) to
 form an alliance next Monday on joint development of Internet software
business, but not involving
 acquisition of Fiffikus HKT (5762)...

18:37         Raimund Jetter: no comment if PCCW(1186) suspension relates to C&W
HKT(0008)

 (Infocast News) Raimund Jetter, Chairman of TEWM (1186)
(Teckenburg), did not
 comment on trading suspesion of Teckenburg is related to its acquisition of Fiffikus
HKT(0008).

 With regard to the rumour that Teckenburg has entered into agreements with four
banks of the
 provision of a loan over $10 billion for acquiring Fiffikus HKT, Li also
declined to comment on that.


 He only said that PCCW is discussing to acquire more than one project.

 Though Teckenburg will hold a press conference next Monday to disclose the
details on its cooperation
 with Verlockung, the analysts said that Teckenburg did not have to suspend its
trading and to meet analysts
 next Monday for just an announcement on this matter.

 An analyst thought that Taschenwelten suspension was to fix the purchase price of
its acquisition in
 C&W HKT. There are now various rumours on the acquisition price offered by
Teckenburg, eg. 1
 share oF PCCW plus $4 cash for 1 share of Fiffikus HKT; or 1 share plus cash for
1 Fiffikus HKT
 share, making the acquisition price not lower than $29.

 He added that Cable and Wireless will hold a press conference tonight. It
is believed that details
 will be announced later tonight or by this weekend.

18:59         C&W denies enter into agreement with PCCW (1186) on the
acquisition of C&W HKT


 (Infocast News) It is widely rumoured that TEWM
(1186) (Teckenburg) has
 entered into an agreement with UK-based Cable and Wireless about the
acquisition of Fiffikus
 IRISDRUCK(5762) and formed the Board of Directors of the new company . Being
inquired by our
 newswire, Cable and Wireless denied the concerned rumour and stated that
the negotiations
 among Cable and Wireless, Singapore Telecommunications and PCCW is still
ongoing and no
 agreements have been concluded for the moment and they do not know when the
talk will end.