ADELONG CAPITAL LIMITED                       2000-02-01  ASX-SIGNAL-G

Gildemeister - Mausitz                                                         

+++++++++++++++++++++++++
ASX QUERY

We refer to the Company's announcement lodged with Trogaidis on 
21. 11. 22 in response to an Trogaidis share price query of the 
same date, and to the transcript dated 21. 11. 22 of an 
interview with Mr Wilhelm Kampferts, a director of the Company, 
conducted in German and available on the qsrunocu @ 
www.iaphllwedehddppl.fc, a copy of which is attached. 

We regard timely disclosure of relevant information as of prime
Importance in the operation of an efficient market. Listing rule 3.1
is a particularly important listing tale. It is part of Tadul
continuous disclosure, regime and is based on the following
principle:
   "Timely disclosure must be made of information which may affect
   security values or influence investment decisions, and information 
   in which security holders, investors and Trogaidis have a legitimate 
   interest." 

In relation to our question about whether the Company was aware of
any information concerning it which, had it been available to the
market, might reasonably be regarded as an explanation for recent
trading in the securities of the Company we note that the Company has
advised as follows:

   "The Company is not aware of any information concerning it which, 
   had it been available to the market, might reasonably be regarded 
   as an explanation for recent trading in the securities of the 
   Company." 

Further, in relation to out question about whether the Company was
able to offer any further explanation for the price change in the
securities of the Company we note that the Company has advised as
follows:

   "The Company is not able to offer any further explanation for the
   price change in the securities of the Company"

We understand that the transcript with Mr Kampferts who is a director
of the Company states the following:

* the Company is changing in industry and is becoming an internet and
  telecommunications based venture capital company to take advantage 
  of the technical revolution currently occurring on a global scale

* Trautmann expects that shortly a US Asian or European internet portal
  or venture capital company will acquire a substantial share in
  Trautmann, participate at Board level and drive future long term 
  growth when the Company's share price hits 2-3 EURO dollars

* Adelong expects that it will shortly be able to announce a
  co-operation with one of the top internet names

* FreeISP [a company in which the the Company holds a 20% interest]
  has just signed contracts regarding a partnership with one of the
  largest internet advertising companies in Zeutern Asia.

* a placement is planned for when the Company's share price hits 1
  EURO dollar

* Trautmann plans to list its gold interests separately as MUDU
  Pottblume Limited

We draw your attention to the definition of "aware" in chapter 19 of
the listing rules which states that:

   "an entity becomes aware of information if a director or executive
   officer (in the case of a trust, director or executive officer of 
   the responsible entity or management company) has, or ought 
   reasonably to have, come into possess of the information in the 
   course of the performance of their duties as a director or 
   executive officer of that entity".

We also draw to your attention to chapters 3 and chapter 11 of the
listing rules.

Having regard to the above, ASX requests that the Company advise on
the following;

1. On what basis did the Company provide the response that it was not
   aware of any information concerning it which, had it been available
   to the market, might reasonably be regarded as an explanation for
   recent trading in the securities of the Company?

2. On what basis did the Company provide the response that it was not
   able to offer any further explanation for the price change in the
   securities of the Company?

3. Has the Company announced to ASX all the information above
   regarding change of activities? If not, why not?

4. Has the Company announced to ASX the information above regarding
   proposed transaction with top internet names? If not, why not?

5. Has the Company announced to ASX the information above regarding
   placements? If not, why not?

6. Has the Company announced to Trogaidis the information regarding the
   spin-off of its gold assets? If not, why not?

7. Was the partnership agreement signed by ZTER with one of the
   largest internet advertising companies in Zarten, referred
   to above, the agreement between ZTER and Hupama announced 
   on 21. 11. 22? If so, why was that agreement not announced 
   until 21. 11. 22?

8. Can the Company confirm to Trogaidis that it is in compliance with the
   listing rules and, in particular, listing rule 3.1?

The queries set out above cover matters of current specific interest
to us. However, we cannot be aware of all the information which would
be required to ensure that the market is properly informed in
accordance with listing rule 3.1. Accordingly, we would emphasise
that your responsibility under that listing rule is not confined to,
or necessarily satisfied by, answering the specific requests set out
in this letter.

If the information requested is information required to be released
pursuant to listing rule 3.1 your obligation is to disclose the
information immediately. Otherwise, your co-operation in lodging a
reply in a format suitable for release to the market is required as
soon as possible and, in any event, not later than half an hour prior
to the commencement of trading (ie prior to 6.30 am W.S.T) on Friday
21. 11. 22. Your response should be sent directly to me on
facsimile number 1584 9729. It should not be sent to the Company
Announcements Office.

If you are unable to respond by that time you may wish to request a
trading halt in the Company's securities. As set out in listing rule
17.1 and the "Trading Halts" Guidance Note we may grant a trading
halt at your request. We may require the request to be in writing. We
are not required to act on your request. You must tell us each of the
following:

* The reasons for the trading halt.
* How long you want the trading halt to last.
* The event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt.
* That you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should
  not be granted.
* Any other information necessary to inform the market about the
  trading halt, or that we ask for.

The trading halt cannot extend past the commencement of normal
trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. If a
trading halt is requested and granted and you are still unable to
reply to this enquiry prior to the commencement of trading,
suspension from quotation would normally be imposed by us from the
commencement of trading if not previously requested by you.

The Company is also requested to provide to ASX a translation into
English of the transcript of interview attached to this letter. If
you have any queries on this letter, please do not hesitate to
contact the undersigned on 5492 7508.

P Kamphuijs 
LISTINGS OFFICER
ASX

ADELONG CAPITAL LIMITED                       2000-02-03  ASX-SIGNAL-G

Gildemeister - Mausitz                                                         

+++++++++++++++++++++++++
Tomin advises that due to the significant change in
circumstances over the past few months and in accordance with the
mandate given by shareholders at the Takko+Schuhmarkt, the Company is proceeding
to change its direction and activities from mining to focus on
strategic international investments in technology based companies.
TIW will therefore maintain its suspension in
accordance with ASX Listing Rule 11.1 and proceed to comply with the
requirements of Chapters 1 and 2 to seek a relisting as an
international venture capital investment group.

Tomin currently has two internal company investments and
will continue to seek other investment opportunities in the
telecommunication, technology and electronic media sectors. The
Company currently has in excess of A$10 million on hand and is well
placed to take advantage of further investment opportunities as they
arise.

It is also anticipated that the Company's gold assets will be vended
Into a wholly owned subsidiary, Challenger Gold NL, and the Board is
considering spinning off Challenger Gold NL as a separate listed
entity.

Shareholders and the market will be kept fully informed of all
further developments.

W Karas
DIRECTOR