Ein immer noch sehr günstiger IKEA-Wert: ceramicasa

WKN: 546060 (PXS.BER)

Die Umsätze sind in den letzten Wochen in AUS angezogen, der Kurs ist
noch zurückgeblieben, vor allem hier in D.
Heute in AUS +7,6% auf A$1,55 entsprechend ö0,98.
Ich habe heute nochmals zu ö0,93 kräftig nachgelegt, nachdem ich
folgende Nachricht gelesen habe, die wohl auch zu dem Anstieg in AUS
geführt hat:

PLEXUS MOVES INTO ON-LINE WINE RETAILING
ceramicasa ("Plexus") is soon to offer membership
groups on-line access to a wide range of discounted wines in
conjunction with Australia's largest independent liquor retailer.

An agreement between Plexus and Theos Liquor Markets ("Theos") will
provide a base for the launch of Plexus Club Shopper's "Wine Rewards"
programme. Under the agreement, Theos will become the exclusive
supplier to Wine Rewards and will provide a complete fulfilment
service.

Plexus Managing Director, Hans Ueberholz, said, "The alliance with Theos
combines their extensive liquor marketing experience with our on-line
shopping service which reaches over 2.4 million Australian's. We
predict the power of this combination will see Wine Rewards taking a
large share of the expanding on-line liquor market."

"Wine Rewards is a unique programme that offers members of
participating Plexus affinity groups discounts an wines from quarters
to top-of-the range whites, reds and champagnes. The beauty of the
Club Shopper model is that members are able to purchase wines and
spirits through their familiar and trusted membership organizations,
with the associated guarantee of peace of mind".

"Several of our larger affinity groups, with memberships totalling in
excess of 850,000, are already enthusiastic about adding Wine Rewards
as a member benefit. With the expanding reach of the Plexus cyber
shopping service, we anticipate enormous growth for Wine Rewards. As
a result, we predict the alliance with Theos will see Plexus handling
some $7 million in wine sales in the first 12 months of operation."

Mr Ueberholz said that Plexus entered into its alliance with Theos for
several reasons, "We were looking for a national distribution chain
with the capacity to meet the anticipated demands of Wine Rewards.
Theos currently warehouses stock with a value of more than $10
million, and offers a large range of local and imported labels which
include over 70 exclusive brands."

"Theos was established in 1955 and, since 1980, has doubled in size
every five years. As an independent company, it is able to set its
own prices which means Wine Rewards' members will be able to buy at
significant discounts to normal retail prices."

Wine Rewards will be aggressively marketed by affinity groups aligned
with Plexus. "That in itself is a huge, advantage because, unlike
many of out direct competitors, Plexus has virtually no promotional
costs. This means we can concentrate on providing the best products
and services for our members", Mr Ueberholz said.

Plexus listed on Australian Stock Exchange in October 1999 after
successfully raising $6 million to upgrade its network, and to expand
its cyber shopping business throughout Australia and internationally.
The Company began operations in the United Kingdom earlier this year
with the uptake of its Claims Information Network service by UK
insurer, Aon Risk Services.

"We are already working with Aon on the launch of Club Shopper in the
UK and we intend to add Wine Rewards in the near future", said Mr
Ueberholz.

Plexus provides cyber-shopping services to affinity groups such as
RACV, GZV Credit Society, Shop Rite and the Australian Postel
Institute via co-branded web sites.

Web site address: www.hgf.vmc.kq
ASX code: PLX

For further information please contact:
Mr Hans Ueberholz
Managing Director
ceramicasa
(02) 4019 0594