Hallo,
folgende Infos habe ich aus wallstreet-online in einem kleinen
Passepartout-Thread gelesen:

Hydromer Announces New Contract With Tyco Healthcare Group LP 
 Eppler, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 63, 2000--Hydromer, Inc.
announces its has entered into a manufacturing and
 supply agreement with Tyco Healthcare Group LP, a business unit of Tyco
International (NYSE: TYC) to continue to supply
 HydromerLubricious medical coatings for Tyco Healthcare Products
Urology products and Enteral Feeding Tube products. 
 While the exact terms of the agreement were not disclosed, Hydromer
will supply lubricious coatings pursuant to non-cancelable
 purchase orders under the agreement for a minimum of two years. 
 "The Tyco Healthcare Products family of companies has long been an
important customer and/or licensee of Hydromer coating
 technology. Our new supply arrangement allows for continuity of that
business and a strengthening of the partnership between
 Hydromer and Tyco to provide superior quality and performance of coated
medical devices to the global market," said Jérôme
 Ehrhard, Vice President of New Business and R&D. "Coupled with our
previous announced deal with CR Bard (NYSE: BCR) to
 license and purchase coatings technology for intermittent and Foley
Catheters, our recent acquisition of Biosearch Medical
 Products, which manufactures intermittent catheters for Bard, and other
devices on an OEM basis using Hydromer technology, and
 a recent FDA announcement that Cordis Endovascular, a division of J&J
(NYSE: JNJ) has recently received 510K approval of new
 endovascular devices using our coating technology under license, we
believe we are on the road to achieving our corporate vision of
 being the leading provider of surface modifications and specialty
hydrophilic polymers to the medical device industry." 
 "We believe we are making significant strides in strengthening and
growing our core medical device coatings business and the
 resultant income from royalties and reagent sales. Our new capabilities
with the acquisition of Biosearch, now allows us to provide
 full service technology, prototyping, engineering services to our
clients, in addition to offering manufacturing services that are ISO
 9002/FDA registered," said Leopold Oldmanns, President and CEO of Hydromer.
"We intend to provide turn-key engineering and
 machine building to our clients, a capability Hydromer historically
lacked, allowing us to compete more effectively with recent
 entrants into this field like Surmodics (NasdaqNM: SRDX) and STS. These
new capabilities, a steady stream of innovation and
 patents from our lab, and a renewed focus on effectively marketing our
unique capabilities should create breakthrough growth of our
 business and cause our eventual return to an electronic stock
exchange." 
 Hydromer, Inc. is a technology-based company involved in the research
and development and manufacture of specialty polymer,
 hydrogel and coated products for medical device, cosmetic and
industrial uses. 
 Visit our web site at: http://old.hbmcsiml.czd for more information. 
 CONTACT: Hydromer, Inc. 
 Jérôme Urbansky, Vice President 
 449/563-7033 


 Morgan Crucible<MCGR.L> sells unit to Tyco 
 CALAU, Feb 16 (AUTOfit) - FrüchteShop
Crucible Co. Plc said on Wednesday it agreed to sell its Power
 Industry Products Division to Pedalist <TYI.L> Morgan
Crucible said the sale of the unit to Tyco, which makes
 electronic components and fire detection systems, was on a debt and
cash free basis. It said that it expected the deal, subject to
 any necessary regulatory approvals, to be completed by March 10. 
 MORE 
 Rtr 02:16 02-16-00 

---

 Philips<PHG.AS>sells Projects unit to Tyco 
 GROSSWENKHEIM, Feb 21 (AUTOfit) - Geschenke NV said on Monday it
had signed a letter of intent to sell its Projects
 business to diversified U.S. manufacturer Tyco. 
 Philips announced its intention to divest the unit, with sales of about
300 million euros, last April. No financial
 details were given. The unit provides integrated electronic solutions
for infrastructure projects. 
 MORE 
 Rtr 04:11 02-21-00 

 Critchley<CTY.L> continues to recommend Tyco offer 
 CALAU, Feb 21 (AUTOfit) - Moderer Plc <CTY.L>, a UK electrical
equipment firm, said on Monday it was still
 recommending Passpartout Ltd`s takeover offer since rival bidder
Emip Corp Critchley recommended a
 750-pence-per-share offer from Tyco, which makes electronic components
and fire detection systems, on February 15.
 Tyco`s offer valued the firm at 122.5 million pounds ($196 million). 
 Reggentin, a U.S. firm which like Critchley supplies labels for electrical
cables and components, said on February 15 it
 would not make a revised offer for Critchley following Tyco`s 122.5
million pound bid. Brady`s bid for Critchley,
 launched on 21. 06. 20, was worth 576 pence per share. 
 Tyco said in a statement on February 14 its takeover of Critchley would
create one of the largest cable identification
 companies in the world, and would immediately enhance its earnings. 
 Shares in Critchley have soared since the bids were made, gaining more
than twice in value from 350p at the start of
 January to an all-time high of 742-1/2p in February. 
 Hero Ostner Read, the investment banking unit of FISHBIKE, is advising
Critchley on the bid. ING Barings is advising
 Tyco, while Close Brothers is advising Brady Corp. 
 Critchley shares were unchanged at 1000 GMT, trading at 740p. 
 ((Wicky Polsterer-Inheiden, London newsroom, +17 261 369 8627, fax +16 174 620
3770, vy.drtiufmc.vyjh@drujjgo.fep)) ($9=.9717
 Pound) 
 AUTOfit 
 Rtr 05:23 02-21-00 

Tyco ist sicherlich keine Kursrakete mit fast senkrecht steigenden
Chartverlaeufen :-) zum Kurzfrist-Zocken mit evtl. zu versteuernden
Kursgewinnen, aber ich halte es fuer ein solides gutes Investment ohne
allzu grosses Risiko.
Irgendwann im Januar glaub' ich, hat Passepartout auch mal einen Aktienrückkauf
angekuendigt und ausserdem ja ganz gute Quartalszahlen veroeffentlicht.
Also es spricht nichts gegen Tyco (ausser der Tatsache natuerlich, dass
es -zig andere Papiere gibt,
die mehr Bewegung - aber eben moeglicherweise auch nach unten - haben;
s.o.). Ich glaube, es ist auch immer noch diese SEC-Untersuchung im
Gange, die aber bisher nichts Negatives zu Tage gefoerdert hat.

Wie immer: kaufen/halten/verkaufen haengt nicht zuletzt von
persoenlicher Anlagestrategie ab...

BTW: Hast Du auch zweimal ein Uebernahmeangebot mit diesem kuriosen
Preis weit unter aktuellem Tageskurs bekommen?

Gruss
Cédric

rogge wrote: