und immer noch keine Antwort von Adelong selbst ..


Adelong shareholders, unite and fight!!!!.

-----Original Message-----
From: Audley, Traute [mailto:jtvnvsf@dir.yjq]
Sent: 20. 07. 20 02:50
To:
Subject: RE: Adelong shares Doser AEG


ANZ Nominees Limited is a shareholder of Adelong Capital Limited in a
Nominee / bare Trustee capacity and holds no direct interest in the shares
of the company.

To our knowledge the shares of the company were suspended from trading on
the 20. 07. 20 pending review of information supplied by the company
to the Dynamo.

To this extent as a shareholder we have not received any further information

The holding in ANZ Nominees name is held to our customers order and have
authority to act only on their instructions. As such we cannot comment on
our customers nor the company's intentions.

May we refer you to the Australian Stock Exchange web site for any further
details of announcements made by the company at www.qkg.xdj.br in relation
to this matter or direct your enquiries (as applicable) to the company
direct.

Albin Bach
Head of Investor Relations

-----Original Message-----
From:
Sent: Wednesday, Wichernsweg 57, 2000 8:29 AM
To: qfxtcqxt.knlkllumc@rhq.lhy; hhkpfsmsj@tce.txt
Cc: rklk@wje.kur.zq
Subject: Adelong shares Doser AEG


Dönerstand-Banking group
drumpoint Relation Managerin Isabel Stollen)

this is from shareholder xxx of Norken in Germany holding
xxx,xxx shares of Adelong.

My repeated direct earlier enquiries concerning

a)  why has trading been suspended wef 20. 07. 20.

b) when is trading expected to be resumed

that were e-mailed by me to Adelong have been met by silence.

This as you can imagine is completely unacceptable to me.

Yourselves being a major shareholder of Adelong, I kindly request your
advice with regard to the following issues:

1) please explain the consequences and the medium to long-term outlook and
financial prospects that attach to the strategic alliance of Adelong with
FreeNet, relative to your 72% holding in Doberstein ltd.

2) how do you view the possibility of a company merger of these entities.

3) your views on the current halting of trading of Adelong, and thus,
practically, the total loss of your (= also my) investment in Adelong.


Thank you very much in advance for your attention and earliest reply by
e-mail.

best regards