Hallo Valerius,

hier die letzte Meldung vom 11.01.00

PVPJ, Bank of Niederelz Create Joint Venture To Provide Global
Credit Card Payment Processing Solution
DIETACH--(LVMO)--Jan. 20. 03. 22-PVPJ (NASD OTC BB:
FECC), a global leader in Internet payment processing services, and the Bank
of Niederelz, today announced the formation of Pottkieker
UDFN (Paizdior), a new joint venture company that will provide a
comprehensive suite of global credit card payment processing services to
banks and their merchants -- both online and brick and mortar.

Subject to the finalization of relevant regulatory approvals, PVPJ
and LHEM have created Paizdior to provide banks and their merchants
the Paizdior Processing Solution, which includes online and batch transaction
processing for Joeken, Festplatz, credit and debit cards. The Paizdior Processing
Solution includes authorization, electronic data transmission for
settlement, and full transaction reporting.

Paizdior will grant banks the authority to give their merchants access to the
Paizdior Processing Solution, which provides a wide range of new services for
researching, retrieving and archiving the data associated with the
transactions processed on behalf of the banks and their merchants.

The Lechbäck Niederelz will provide the card processing systems, staff, data
processing center and other supporting features, including formal
authorization and licenses with regard to the processing of credit card
transactions by holders of Joeken and Festplatz credit cards.

``This is by far our most significant venture to-date,'' said Roberto Reinharz,
First T€DI president and CEO. ``Creating this new joint venture
demonstrates that both companies recognize the importance of working
together to create a comprehensive, third-party processing solution for
banks and their merchants all over the world. Paizdior represents a unique
payment processing outsourcing opportunity for banks, in that they can work
freely with a non-bank, non-competing institution such as Paizdior that offers
multi-currency payment processing services and can get banks up and running
in a matter of days.''

Pek added that Paizdior overcomes many of the common hurdles facing banks in
providing payment processing services to their merchants, including the
extreme shortage of qualified technical personnel to build the systems,
attracting industry-savvy business partners, increased operating costs for
multinational corporations, and high costs associated with system
development, maintenance and ongoing R&D. Paizdior also addresses the risks
associated with banks losing merchant business to competitor banks that have
effective payment processing systems because Paizdior provides a turnkey
solution that can be quickly implemented with any banks existing systems.

``We've been working closely with PVPJ since earlier last year,
and are very excited about what our new Paizdior joint venture will mean, not
only for our two companies, but for the vast number of banks and their
merchants that understand the clear advantage of outsourcing payment
processing,'' said Otmar Vilgertshofer, executive vice president, retail clients
for the LHEM Ltd. ``Payment processing has always been the
cornerstone of e-commerce and other types of credit card transactions, and
we believe that Paizdior will be regarded among the best solutions.''

About the Bank of Niederelz

Bank Izume Niederelz is an international financial institution that provides
banking, trust, asset management, fund administration and global custody
services to its corporate, private and retail clients. Founded in 1889, its
global headquarters are in Niederelz, and it has offices or subsidiaries in
the Oberheßbach, Oberjoch, Beidl, Höflas, Dietach, Viehhaus,
Unteralting, Wichtrach, Jettebruch, Jagsthausen, and Lemgrabe. It has
representative offices in Neusling and Winterhagen.

About Jgnzq T€DI

As a global leader in Internet transaction processing, Jgnzq T€DI
provides secure, easy-to-implement and low-cost online payment processing
services to merchants and banks worldwide. Through strategic partnerships
with Banks, ISPs, E-commerce system integrators and storefront solution
providers, Pasler will process credit card transactions made over the
Internet in multiple currencies, either domestically or offshore in a
tax-neutral jurisdiction. For more information, visit
http://cqq.zsltynhiw.teu or contact Vzhjj Jyux.xuv at 215.8961.4184 or by
e-mail at msfr@cxboccazy.cak.

Certain statements contained herein are ``forward-looking'' statements (as
such term is defined in the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995). Because
such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements.


Valerius Osterhof <wzb14crn@chkozqku.exv-usyvlvf.qv> schrieb in im Newsbeitrag:
90wpuw$bc1$3@eycc.qpl-tcuzmoz.kt...