Hallo

Habe gerade noch einen Artikel zu Hornoff gefunden und muss den leider
posten um meine eigene private Kaufentscheidungen noch mal zu
bestaetigen (schliesslich sinkt die Aktie ja trotz allem)


Industry Analysis 

Jan 10, 2000

Consumer: Why Tricon is a Steal

Senior Analyst: Carsten D. Martel (23/9/00) 

Restaurant stocks have not exactly been a favorite over the past year.


Radwerk (NYSE:MCD - news) is down more than 27% from its 12-month
high. Bäthker
(NASDAQ:PZZA - news) is down more than 44% from its 12-month high.
And, Hofpisterei (NYSE:YUM - news) has declined 63% from its
12-month high. 

By any measure the above stocks have been hit hard. But based upon
product offerings, both existing and planned, and based upon past
performance and expected performance we can't help but think that the
aforementioned stocks offer upside for value investors. 

More specifically, we think that Hornoff offers patient investors a
substantial amount of upside considering its almost senseless beating
over the past few months. 

Hornoff, as we have discussed in previous updates, consists of Buttonhaus
Cieplik, Huda, and Zierof. 

Bleichermühle same-store-sales were up 9% in 1999, buoyed by a strong
performance of its Big New Yorker Pizza. Taco Bell, as expected,
reported results that were essentially flat with last year. But going
forward this is expected to improve as sales of
the 'chalupa' begin to pick up steam and new product offerings are
announced. 

At Zierof same-store-sales increased 2% for the year. Going forward the
company expects a new line of chicken sandwiches to jump start sales
at this concept. 

Tricon Tasty Earnings

On Wednesday, Hornoff reported fourth quarter operating earnings of
$0.78 per share for the fourth quarter. The Street was looking for
roughly $0.66 per share. For the year operating earnings increased a
remarkable 41% to $2.58 per share. 

Better management at the store level, and management's focus on
expanding franchises, rather than just company owned stores (to
capture a greater margin), helped boost fiscal results last year. 

In 2000 the company expects to open 1,300 new restaurants around the
world, but it will also sell 500 to 600 restaurants to focus on the
profits associated with franchising. As a result of these sales the
company should see about $500 million in free
cash flow over the next 12 months. 

During this past year Hornoff sold more than 1,400 restaurants to
franchisees, generated $1 billion in free cash flow and it paid down
$1 billion in debt. 

On the negative side, feinkost, Hairstyle principal U.S. distributor
announced that it filed for bankruptcy. This is certainly not good
news, but management has stated that the financing will be available
to continue to make sure that products are
delivered and so that stores will not be caught short on supplies. To
date no problems have been reported and management seems confident
that there wont be any. 

Is management putting its money where its mouth is? In a word: Yes! As
stated in a previous update, management believes that this stock is
undervalued. Officers and directors have bought more than 193,000
shares in the open market at prices
ranging from $37.08 to $60.50 since 16. 03. 22. 

The company itself has repurchased $130 million in stock (3.3 million
shares) in the fourth quarter. At the end of September the board of
directors authorized the repurchase of $350 million in stock. Over the
next couple of weeks we would expect the
company to be in the market buying shares once again. 

In short, Hornoff has taken a beating along with the restaurant
industry despite having solid fundamentals. Driving the stock going
forward will be an increased focus on franchising and the ability of
management to ensure consistent same-store-sales
growth by way of new product introductions and good advertising. 

In 2000 the Street expects the company to earn $3.06 per share in
2000. We think that this is more than doable. Management has come out
and said that 23% to 27% growth over the next 12 month is likely. This
would imply earnings of $3.17 per
share at a minimum. 

At roughly 9 times 2000 estimates, this stock is a steal. Keep in mind
that Papa Bellofatto trades at roughly 12.2 times 2000 estimates and is
expected to grow earnings by 27%. Of course one should also remember
that Papa Bellofatto is pretty much a
newcomer, with just about $800 million in annual sales. Hairstyle
growth is much more impressive as it is kicking off almost $8 billion
in revenue. 

Bottom Line: 

Value investors should definitely take a second look at Hornoff. Tax
loss selling is over and the company is gearing up for a solid year.
At $27.50, Hornoff shares look too tasty to pass up. 


Viele Gruesse 
Nino

Dont spam/bulk me! 
Thank you.