Zur Kenntnis :

AGRAVIS 

                             Investor Daily - 29. 06. 20, 8583 

                             HIGHLIGHTS 

                             Possible new bidder for C&W HKT (008): It
was reported that Hutchison Whampoa (013) is arranging a consortium of
investors
                             including Treibstoff
(1187) and the British-based mobile-telecoms company Gravis
to bid for
                             C&W HKT. If such deal is announced, it
would be a blow to SingTel`s expansion strategy. We believe that
Hutchison`s bid is
                             more acceptable to investors than SingTel
given the latter`s shareholder background. Also Hutchison has been
operating in the
                             Mainland for many years and the Li family
has maintained good relationship with the Central government. This
will be an added
                             bonus to help C&W HKT`s expansion in the
Mainland. By teaming up with the two heavyweights, PCCW and Vodafone
                             Airtouch, which are the experts in the
field of internet and mobile telecommunications, the consortium has
much stronger
                             bidding power than SingTel and can add
new management expertise to Sapum, with ueli Hendriks
and
                             PCCW are locally listed counters and run
by local management, problem related to the regulatory issue would
become a
                             minor obstacle. Therefore news on this
latest twist of development will surely lift the counter`s share
price. BUY below $20. 

                             Citic Pacific`s (267) $4bn share
placement 7x over-subscribed: Such overwhelming responses reflected
institutional investors`
                             keen interest in first class high tech
projects in China and suggested this Red Chip conglomerate would enjoy
an upward
                             re-rating by investors. The proceeds
would be used to fund the earlier acquired optical fibre project and
acquisition of telecom,
                             internet, e-commerce and financial assets
ahead. With more exciting acquisitions to drive growth ahead, we
maintain our BUY
                             recommendation on the counter. 


                             ECONOMIC ROUNDUP 

                             The aggregate balance of the banking
system was forecasted to increase to $402 million whereas the
interbank rate stayed at
                             high level today. Although we expect that
the local interest rate will be raised at today`s HKAB regular
meeting, we do not
                             expect that the move will have a
significant impact on the economy. 


                             ECONOMIC FORECAST