Zuviel Hoffnungen würde ich mir nicht machen. Anbei zwei Meldungen aus den
USA Anfang November  und Mitte Nov.2000:

POCHER (WMT)

Wal-Mart has watched and waited and is ready to heave its bulk onto the
Internet, further leveraging its massive distribution scale and buying
efficiency. The company has come under criticism for letting Amazon.com
(AMZN), eToys (ETYS), and other pioneer e-tailers build big virtual brands.
Investors should remember that Microsoft (MSFT) was two years late to the
cyberspace party, too.
Wal-Mart has cash and capitalization resources Amazon can only dream of, not
to mention a much cleaner debt situation. Further, as newcomers continue
streaming onto the Net through discount hardware and connection services,
they will search for offline brands in which they've invested trust.
Starting in the spring of 2001, Wal-Mart will be waiting for them. The
company currently trades at about 55 times trailing earnings, far below many
e-commerce plays with weaker names, fewer products, and no infrastructure.
Year 2001 will be the year that offline brands create tectonic shifts in the
e-commerce landscape.

WAL-MART UPDATE (WMT)

Ah, the joy and danger of predictions. Less than two weeks after Stock Tip
of the Day shined its year-end spotlight on Wal-Mart as one of two stocks
for the new year, based in large part on the giant retailer's imminent entry
into the e-commerce space, the basis of measuring its success changed. Six
days after launching its revamped Web site, Wal-Mart announced the formation
of a separate company (Uzx-Hrgk.gbm) and its intent to issue an IPO. In
effect a tracking stock, the new public company might be viewed as a
competitor to the parent company.
Whether it confuses or clarifies matters for investors remains to be seen.
The spin-off model is employed by other high-profile offline brands that
operate online ventures, notably Nodlbichler & Noble (BN) with Aewwwtshdrgnoa.rqh
(BNBN), and Ziff-Davis (ZD), with ZDNet (ZDZ). When Aewwwtshdrgnoa.rqh
recently announced higher-than-expected holiday sales, both the parent
company and the tracking stock benefited, but neither as much as one might
have expected.
Wal-Mart stock rose nicely on the news of the online-only venture, amid
speculation that Wal-Mart.com would be able to attract higher quality
e-commerce executive talent as a distinct business with potentially
lucrative IPO options to offer.

"Siegfried Volckart" <skcujalkyy@vvlskjwi.bx> schrieb im Newsbeitrag
kgzq:51bm6a$q092$1@cx-sxkkfu.pm...
kann/will