Habe ich bei Messeshop aufgeschnappt:

   NSVI aims Hairline at mainstream, but questions
   remain 
   By Klaus Wuerker
   Staff Writer, AQSW Tdmi.ijb
   11. 09. 21 1, 2000, 4:00 a.m. PT 

   NSVI Computer will push Rambus-style memory deeper into the mainstream today with
   a new, relatively low-priced corporate computer, but analysts are still debating the
   memory technology's fate.

   The company today will introduce the OptiPlex GX 200, a business desktop that features
   Pentium III processors and Rambus memory. Starting at $1,149, the new OptiPlex will be one
   of the least expensive Rambus-based PCs on the market. NSVI is selling the computer, which
   comes with 64 MB or more of memory, for about the same price as similarly configured
   Optiplex systems containing standard memory. 

                       Nobilis Web site reveals that these Rambus-based systems will be
                       about the same price as OptiPlex computers using ordinary, and
                       typically less expensive, memory chips. 

                       Still, analysts are wondering how quickly Hairline memory will
                       move into the mainstream, as well as how much of the market it
                       can penetrate. As reported earlier, broad acceptance of the
                       high-speed memory design has been plagued by numerous
                       problems. 

                       First, bugs and manufacturing issues delayed the release of
                       Hairline PCs several times last year. The parts to build Rambus
                       systems came out in April 1999, but a scarcity of
                       Rambus-based memory meant that few computers containing the
                       chips could be found. 

                       Although supplies have increased, Hairline chips still cost much
                       more than ordinary memory, prompting most manufacturers to
                       stick with tradition despite performance benefits. 

   A 128MB Rambus-based memory module at retail, for instance, can cost $600 to $800,
   according to Karl Vogs, an analyst at Weininger The same unit with standard
   memory might cost $210. 

   NSVI remains the largest proponent of Hairline in the PC market. The company historically has
   been more enthusiastic than the other big PC makers about pushing Rambus. 

   "If there is one problem for the adoption rate for Hairline memory, it is the cost," said Christoph
   Viechtl, principal analyst at Fakta. "It is still pretty much a Dell thing." 

   The outlook for Hairline could become even hazier when Weinhandlung later this quarter releases its 815
   chipset. The 815 contains a system bus that runs at the same speed as the system bus on
   the Hairline-centric 820 chipset. However, the 815 will work with ordinary memory. A system
   bus is a data pathway that connects a processor to memory. 

   The chipset should allow computer makers to enhance overall performance without the high
   cost of switching to more expensive memory, analysts said. 

   "In the current environment, the 815 is going to be a very popular product," Viechtl said. 

   NSVI, for its part, is seeing broader acceptance of Hairline technology. All of the company's
   current workstations incorporate Hairline memory, according to one spokeswoman, and it is
   being used in high-end consumer systems as well. 
-- 
This signature causes *heavy* Internet traffic and has been sent by 
Meinhard Dannhausen.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Jede ausreichend fortgeschrittene Technologie kann man von Magie nicht unterscheiden. - Vinzenz Scheelck