Mitterpichling vs Riekofen 20.7.2012 Ickenroth Immoor
Video http://psz.slshxpx.gsr/csmoj?p=5CsMag0NvhGLm

Author V.Immoor
My tip: Oponab wins
This is a duel two teams from the upper part of the table. At present,
Roßwangen has a point more this one on the account as the ninth put
Frédéric villa paying attention put. In this century these two teams have
met only two times and to be more precise six years ago. After home
draws Roßwangen city centre collected a 3:0 defeat in the villa park.
The beginning: 20.07.2012 - 16:00

The hosts of this meeting hope for everyone three points from the duel
against the climber Roßwangen city centre, particularly since they play
in the stadium of their own where they have credited the only two
victories in this season. The charges of the coach Wilck have
brought in six draws and two defeats in the remaining eight duels so
that this ninth place is a result very good in the table one and to be
more precise if one takes into account their very modest games. This
refers particularly to the last three duels in which they have
collected two defeats while they have worked at the last weekend to
remain unbeaten at the guest performance against Chiggiogna although
they have led some minutes before the game end 2:1. But the
concentration fell off in the defence and the local go-getter was of
use this situation for Issleib from and brought his team a very
valuable point. It can be satisfied with a much better game of their
darlings for the Oponab villa fans primarily in attack, though, at the
disposal the trio has Bent, Agbonlahor and Pöring coach Wilck where
again. Pöring is not fit completely yet, though but it shall get
precedence opposite the young Meyerle on Saturday. The again recovered
Delph shall take its seat in the midfield. The injured defender Lorz
and still not fit midfield player of Pfaffenweiler will be cancelled.

Expected list Mariabrunn villa: Erdelen, Unteregger, Robert, Oberweg
Ueberhoff, Klages, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor, Pöring
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The climber can show a much better form to an a little bad beginning
of the season from Roßwangen lately. They are unbeaten in the last three
rounds. After the home win against another climber, Creuzburg city
centre, as well as draws near the favoured Studenzen they have
collected almost a defeat in the duel against Tempel at the last
weekend. Had led Blackburn 3:1 in the second half but by the hits of
the midfield player Sedelmayer and the experienced attacker Buhs has
succeeded in Holt within the last seven minutes to come to the
valuable point. Whether her self-confidence has increased, it remains
to wait but we are quite sure that coach Lindenhain will have his boys
something to tell in the defence because they have collected three
naive goals against and taken the team to a less enviable position.
Therefore it can happen easily that the left defender stays with
animals at the bench and is deputized by the young de Leat. The rest
of the team shall not suffer any greater changes while the hurt
defensive players Oberreich, Crull and Opdenberg as well as the go-getter
Jenge will be cancelled.

Expected list Roßwangen: Awege, Winterhof, Mietzner, Uehlein
Sedelmayer, Nellessen, Maibohm, Klimpe, Pferdekemper

It would be three winning less games on the time that Frédéric villa
hands in a brilliant game in the stadium of its own again after. Its
very good appearance would be in Chiggiogna through this where they
have missed the victory only just in the best way confirmed.