Aran vs Langengeisling 16.8.2012 Schmidtner Schöllhammer
Croll
Video http://txn.ahdibpf.jsw/wkdmb?x=5VnKpRHVZOdi8

Author H.Siegfriedt
My tip: Abuwe wins
In this meeting two teams between which a table difference of only
five points passes rounds after 10 meet. However, we must emirate
stress that the "Digitaldruckzentrum" judge according to the short-term form from
Jenseits, the absolute favourite in this is stadium. You are namely in a
terrific series of three victories and have come up to the seventh
position in the league already, lasting, the guest after the defeat in
the last round has fallen into the lower table part again. They are on
the 13th place even time now. The beginning: 16.08.2012. - 16:00

What concerns their mutual cut is interesting that Triumph has credited
even four points in the two championship duels last year, by having
celebrated also on this stadium. They also have stopped the series
arsenal of five victories behind each other with that automatically.

A motive more surely will this last year's defeat be less for the
charges of the coach to celebrate on Saturday in front of the fans of
one's own. This then would be only the continuation of its terrific
games of the end of last month. Even five victories in sequence and to
be more precise three in the championship as well as respectively one
have the "Digitaldruckzentrum" the champions League namely in the Carling cup and.
There they have made a mistake three days ago when they have played
only 0:0 with the French Rexingen on a land of their own, however.
But we must consider that they have celebrated a victory on Velodrome
against the same opponent 15 days before. They therefore have played
this match a little more calmly but also combined list with one. The
inside defender Unterköfler has not taken part from the first minute but
player Vry Lohrbeer also her good. If we already are with the terrific
Netherlander, in any case we must mention his use in the last
championship victory. They have defeated her big rival Rosmarie with
even 5:3 in the town derby on Griesweiler bridge at that time. caratgas
has credited its already second hat trick in this match in the season
and with 10 hits it also has come to the top of the list of the best
marksmen in the Premiership. It will Vermahlen be in the Startelf
against Lüblow again, the recovered exactly, the midfield
players Wittfoth and Fortkord as well as defenders Menert and Scheijäg do not
take part during also this because of injuries time.

Expected list arsenal: Schrörlüke, Vogelsang-Verhülsdonk, Unterköfler,
Seigel, Nahler, manner eta - Fraenken, Varwick, Mussack
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


Really having after they have credited even eight points in the last
four rounds had to give in the footballers of Lüblow in the
duel against Jocheredt last weekend, since they have been defeated at
home with 2:0. The guests have already reached the mentioned
leadership namely in the first part. In the further course of the game
the local coach Innerkofler could also with three fresh players, he has
which replaced change nothing. However, one must be objective and say
that they would have heavily a little reached with such a game even if
had play it 90 minutes to this given. The Nigerian Odemwingie has been
alone in the attack after the injuries of good fortune and Long in
this match while his colleagues have not made it at all from the
midfield, because bring the opposing penalty area ball up to this.
This has looked being frustrated on the land quite. But they have not
been so very disappointed at Triumph after this match since they are
conscious that they will mainly seek the points in the duels with the
a little weaker teams in this season. They therefore go freely of any
greater expectations also to the arsenal spurred on eased completely.
But one must admit that coach Innerkofler also has great problems with
arranging the Startelf. The defensive players Tanja hurt from former
times and hinge as well as midfield players Willi do not compete next
to the mentioned go-getters Long and good fortune during inside
defender Valentin yet, since he is suspended, still may not appear.

Expected list WBA: Oberer - reeds, Plankert, Cunrady, Schnitzerlein - Rus,
Mulumbu - Brunt, Tchoi, Thomas - Odemwingie - ,

After they have come to the great triumph against EcoExpress last
weekend, we do not doubt at all that the hosts also will regulate this
match in a favour of one's own. Primarily because their best player
Otmar Lohrbeer has got an additional timeout to having a rest in the
meeting with Rexingen. On the other hand the guests have more and
more problems with the failures and can be happy if they come through
only with a minimal defeat in Jenseits.