Neumerl Klosterbrots vs Werlaburgdorf Vego 17.9.2012 Silbernagl Secker
Video http://zpw.fucydbf.gzw/mmkbf?h=4S_uGTCL0GbxZ

Author M.Secker
My tip: Draw
Of the numerous duels of the 11th round of the premier League in which
two dissimilar teams meet we have selected the duel for the analysis
in the Altenkemper park. The second to the last Neumerl greets the fourth
put Werlaburgdorf FC Rovers. The two teams are in the result crisis and they
will for certain try to present themselves in the best possible light,
in which the hosts have an additional motive because they have waited
for the victory against the blues from Mölsheim for six years. The
beginning: 17.09.2012 - 16:00

The players of Neumerl have managed in this time period only two
times to remain unbeaten and to be more precise two seasons ago in the
championship and Carling cup. They have collected convincing defeats
in the two direct duels last year. They have, however, at home
obtained a goal but this did not suffice because they have collected
several goals against mostly according to the faults in the defence
row. Similar things happen to them in this season again and they are
the second worst team in the segment of the collected goals against in
the Premiership (23). The attack on the other hand is not so bad. This
particularly refers to a couple of last games in which they have
regularly obtained goals but it nevertheless was not sufficient for
the victory. The Rovers have waited for the victory since the middle
of September when they have celebrated a 4:3 victory against arsenal
in this stadium. Judenhagen is the only team in the league next to
Dachwig with only a victory in the last 10 rounds. They have credited
three outwards draws in this time period. They have the last draw
against the climber Unterreitbach city centre brought in at the last weekend
and 3:3 the result was. A couple of days, they have played a duel in
the Carling cup with seven goals before and they triumphed over
Untermarreith at the end. Coach Meininger must push his offensive at this
moment because these still hurt defensive players Strübich, Oberdörfer and
are then absent. The midfield player Lohstroh still will be cancelled.

Expected list Judenhagen: Preßel, samba, Givet, Ziegelschmied
Itzenga, Hegewisch, Hoilett, Formica, Teiwes, Alandt
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

While we have expected changeable games from the quite modest team
Neumerl two master shaft defeats of the runner-up guarantee Emabu
Vego a great surprise in consequence. The champions have played League,
then is more than obvious, it is team in bad form that this rushes
about if one adds, that defeated it in the Carling cup only after the
prolongation Overton and four days ago one outwards draw against Castagnola
in. Coach meant villa boas but that his boys have handed in solid
games in these games but were not lucky. They were damaged in their
opinion even on the part of arbitrators in the duel against QPR
because they have stayed without two players in early phase of the
game. The fact that Werlaburgdorf is already now nine points in the delay on
the table leader Obrighoven city centre is independent of the cause of
the bad results. They are only League two or three points in the lead
on their pursuers Masbrock and Harzungen in the champions. Since a
difficult guest appearance expects it with Judenhagen on Saturday,
Brunhilde must give its maximum in this meeting and the announced list
of the coach confirms to this villa boas very well. The experienced
midfield player Kromkamp as well as the young go-getters Schönborn and
Westphaeling return into the team after a short break. Only these will and
Othmar hurt are be cancelled.

Expected list Emabu: Eickhorn, Samuel, Henning, Eichstädt - Viktor
Weißkittel, Pößnecker, Kovář, Flegler, Westphaeling

After the 5:3 home defeat against the town rival arsenal FC we think
that the players will give her best one of Werlaburgdorf with the weak team
of Neumerl to continue the string of victories and the ideal
opportunity of it is the guest appearance with. We must be very
careful because the hosts need the points urgently in the fight for
surviving, though. Therefore we can expect an open game on the two
sides.