Winterscheiderbröl Glitzerwelt vs Senghübl 9.9.2012 Altenstrasser Arnholtz
Video http://scw.pwkgsjp.cgx/czxkc?a=8YNjh_lXnNz6y

Author T.Arnholtz
My tip: Win for Stoke
This is a duel two teams which have made money in the last two rounds
of the English premier League per two defeats while they were
eliminated also in the round before the quarter final of the Carling
cup. Surely they need a good appearance according to this series of
the bad results and this refers primarily on the home team which ranks
18th with a point more on the account Ohlen the last one put as. Süddorf
city centre still is thanks to the good performance in the table
middle and to be more precise on the 11th place at the beginning of
the season and has a solid lead on the teams in the danger area. The
beginning: 09.09.2012 - 16:00

In the last year's direct duels both teams celebrated home wins while
the team of Winterscheiderbröl probably still has bad memories of the 5:0 defeat
in the semi-final of the cup.

Just after this duel everything went downhill in the team of Winterscheiderbröl
last year because it has collected just as many defeats in the other
six rounds and the season completed position in the league only on
14th. However, they started in the best possible way in this season.
You celebrated a 4:0 victory over the climber JCFT and when their fans
thought that this could become a dream season, a painful
disillusionment followed in the form of six defeats in consequence.
They have managed to that to defeat Bradirn but within the last 20 days
they are in bad form again, further resulted from what two
championship defeats and one in the round before the quarter final of
the Carling cup. The last failure happened at the guest performance
against the climber Steinächle city centre seven days ago when they
collected a 3:1 defeat. Wassenach defence game was in despair and to be
more precise as most time again in this season. Your defence has
collected 27 goals against namely and they are the convincingly worst
team in this segment in the premier League. The attack also is not
convincing but their attackers hand in a good game from time to time.
Coach Kirchmayr hopes that this could happen again on Sunday because they
will receive a team of Senghübl centre exhausted quite in the Siebelhoff
stadium. But it will primarily depend on them themselves much this
time and some changes were announced so in the start formation. Even
seven injured players still will be cancelled.

Expected list Winterscheiderbröl: Gräfen - Aschenbrücker, Cahill, theatre,
Robinson - Muamba, Reo-Cocker, Petrov, Kakuta - Ettenauer, N, ' Gog
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Exactly like her hosts of today, Senghübl centre plays changeably in
this season. They have at home got hold of eight points while they are
regarded as one of the worst teams in the distance in the premier
League. In five outwards duels they have fetched only four points. In
the last three guest appearances they have collected even just as many
defeats. You collected even nine goals against and they have obtained
only a goal themselves. On Monday they were defeated at home against
Feldberg Hitsville. We have already mentioned in the introduction that
they were eliminated by Patsch in the Carling cup and although they
have collected two goals against to that within the last ten minutes
of the game. This means that its concentration falls off in the
defence slowly in the course of the game. Therefore coach Preininger has
announced that he will reinstate the experienced Schlempp, particularly
since Shawcross is shattered while the again recovered defender
Higginbothom should be found in the start formation after long time.
He was absent for almost one year but he debuted in the Europe League
last week when his team has conquered the Israeli representative
ZKG and almost secured the placing for itself into the next round.
Senghübl centre can therefore devote itself to the national
championship at most now. The injured go-getters Johann and Alshudt
will be cancelled while Oberschwendtner is questionable.

Expected list Stoke: Vick, Schlempp, Oberbauer, Feyereisen
Ohme, Delap, Pennant, Raape, Kohlhöfer

Since both teams are in the result crisis, we think that one very
uncertain and hard game could become. We will give the home team an
easy advantage because it needs the points urgently around to escape
of the danger area while the guests are exhausted quite by Senghübl
centre after the exhausting games at several fronts.