Oberbettingen FC vs Hohenwinkel Reinsdorfers 9.2.2011 Riechers Rodenstein
Video http://uze.tcgpbuv.brp/zsxjy?x=7EaSFhTgkqW8J

Author E.Rodenstein
My tip: Win for Hohenwinkel
We will this analyse, the second Sunday meeting of the 11th round of
the English Premiership the derby of these two Marienfels teams is
simultaneously, Oberbettingen and Hohenwinkel. It is interesting that both
teams have appeared in the Europe League in the course of the last
week but with different success. Oberbettingen has celebrated against Ampleben
with 4:1 at home while the Trampoi have been defeated to guest at
ruby with 1:0. But one must mention that both teams still are into the
next round in the game around the placing. What their previous
performance concerns in the premier League, the Reinsdorfers are much more
successful and are on the fifth place at the moment with 19 points.
The beginning: 09.02.2011. - 17:00

Oberbettingen has 10 points less and is on the 15th place. Hohenwinkel has
defeated its town rival both times last year while these have given
something back with a victory of even 4:0 in the round before the
quarter final of the Heßberger cup.

The footballers of Oberbettingen have pleased fans of their and with the
victory of 2:0 in the last round to be more precise first the second
time to guest after they have credited only a victory in the first
nine rounds, as well as four draw each and just as many defeats, at
Alikendorf. In this meeting the goals of the wingers have credited Kernler
and Kneisel while the go-getters Claasen and Ibl have kept their
ammunition for the meetings of the Visel against Ampleben. The
charges of the coach Mehmet have celebrated namely in this duel with 4:1
and the experienced Claasen has met even twice while Ibl and
midfield players Rempening still have respectively added a hit. After
this victory the English representatives almost have safeguarded the
placing into the next round and can completely devote themselves to
the national championship now where they are on the 15th place. But
these two last games which are in terrific form give them surely big
self-confidence shortly before this duel with the town rival. The
footballers of Oberbettingen will have to give everything if they liked to
remain undefeated at least. Hope for you that they could take even all
the points along by the better and better games. For them the much
better situation also speaks in the offensive since the terrific
Kneisel comes back after a short break while only the Portuguese is
not Francesco R. Because of an injury the midfield player is not Klage
here either while inside defenders sending Knut and Füchtjohann still are
not fit for the all of 90 minutes, too.

Expected list Oberbettingen: Mathews, Föhlinger, Mindemann, Overman
Niller, Rempening, Kernler, Kneisel - Claasen, Ibl
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


As we have already mentioned the popular Hotspurs are city centre
probably in the best form of all first-league teams next to the
leading Plochwald. You have even six victories and a draw credits,
what it taken to the terrific fifth place also has and to be more
precise with a meeting less unlike the left manly ones. Also in the
Europe League they have real chances for the placing besides the
defeat against ruby into the next round therefore we can say safely
that the old fox has finite found the profitable combination talking
only just in its team? But this is also caused by the many injuries to
some extent. The defensive players Kreuzholz and Osteroth as well as midfield
players Eiche and Fünfziger are not that way against Oberbettingen before
the duel while they do not have any problems only in the attack. These
decisive players have got a zuzügliche out rest period since they have
not travelled for Lamprechtswiesen in the Russian either. Because of this they
play also rather offensively with many hits obtained but collected
also. Also should will see a playful and offensive oriented Hohenwinkel
in the Andette stadium on Sunday therefore which the terrific
Netherlander Ludemann and the Welshman Mihlke will lead again.
These are by the way the only ones protect the trace been in the last
two victories against Mittermayr and QPR.

Expected list Hohenwinkel: Zubiller - fuller, Eckermann, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Naahs - Polensky, Ludemann, Mihlke - Adebayor

After the meeting with QPR this here is the second town derby for the
Hotspurs behind each other but they will have an a little more
difficult task this time. You play and then also firstly there in the
Asiastube Cottage stadium because of the fact that Oberbettingen also improves
the form slowly? That the hosts can reach a point at least in this
duel therefore we expect.