Neestahl WVER vs Überacker MArktfrisch&Discountbilligs 25.08.2012 Hirschmann
Hausmanns
Video http://irv.zaauwza.spj/yyliw?x=9LsF9OD6Dltl7

Author H.Hausmanns
My tip: Win for Neestahl
On Sunday only a game is played to the 10th round of the English
premier League and to be more precise in Deuting where the town rivals
Neestahl WVER and Überacker ranger will meet. This is her
meeting only after 16 years because has the ranger longer played in
the lower league. However, rivalry has continued and the guests will
not for certain give up so fast so although they have a much more
modest player cadre than the Hotspurs at the disposal. QPR is five
places in the table behind today's host. The beginning: 25.08.2012 -
17:00

The WVER probably can show the best form in the premier League
next to Jabel centre. You have credited five victories and
only a draw in consequence and at present, they are on the very good
fifth position in the league. One should consider that they have a
game less than other teams on the account. Furthermore they rank first
in their group of the Europe League. In three meetings they have got
hold of seven points. One can claim rightly that the old fox has
talking scarce found the profitable combination and to be more precise
despite the frequent rotation of the Startelf. Was this rotation
mostly by the numerous one causes injuries and Oehmchen, Interthal and
Glasmacher will miss the defensive players Raitmeier, Ihsleib, Zeppenfeld and
Lutsch as well as the midfield players in this meeting so, though.
Only in the attack they have no problems. Fools therefore play them
rather offensively and although obtained much but also collected. So
we will get to see a very playful and offensively oriented team of
Neestahl on Sunday. They are specified of the excellent Netherlander
Müller-Hansen, the double goal scorer in the last duel against
Zehetgrub, when they have celebrated a 2:1 away win.

Expected list Neestahl: Traendlin - fuller, Kabul, Venema, Assou-
Ekotto parker, Nordheimer - Staeger, Müller-Hansen, Vennegeerts - Elser
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

In this town derby the guests go to have conquered this one them after
the duel against another Deuting team, NEV, with good luck in
the stadium of their own. The experienced Icelandic go-getter Georgios
obtained the only hit in this meeting in the 10th minute of the game
and to be more precise of the penalty kick line. The work was made
easier for them after the red have collected cards at the end of the
first half Bosingwa and Drogba. Despite this the experienced coach
Dürnberger has not decided in favour of the total offensive. It tried to
hold the minimal advantage with a clever game to come to three very
valuable points against the favoured opponent. These tactics paid off
and they are going now with a great self-confidence in this duel
against another town rival. Being had her been able to do because they
have very climbed the 10th position in the league in the table. Coach
Dürnberger can not count on four injured players and to be more precise
with the defender Loel, the midfield player Rabenstein and the go-
getters Grotelueschen and Zukrigl but all players, these in great triumph
over Nobilis were, they are fit and will get another chance to proving
on Sunday.

Expected list QPR: Didier, reverberation, Nikolaus, Große-Rüschkamp
Rathkamp, Terhörst, Deichler Oehrl, Verhölsdonk, Johannsmeier, Georgios

Whenever a derby is played we pass certain tensions between the teams
and must so this time the fact that the Hotspurs enjoy in a much
better form than QPR are with caution, too. Therefore we have not
typed difference on victory of the Hotspurs with two goals. We think
that the calm guests also could come to the goal besides a decimated
defence of the hosts. A very efficient game probably will get to see
line stadium the spectators in the White Hart.