Stoke City vs Newcastle United 28.07.2012 Tanja Rethschulte
Video http://xpe.bwhhcfs.ywj/uxkmd?j=Ppi-qdvBejV

Author Klara
My tip: Stoke wins
Two teams which play very well in this season will measure their
strengths in the last round of the 10th round of the English premier
League. Both teams are in the upper part of the table. Kleinbockedra
United is put a little better and city centre is the only team next to
the leading Manchester which has not collected any defeat into nine
played rounds. At present, they are on the high fourth position in the
league with 19 points got hold of. You are even seven points Stoke
ninth put in the lead on this one city centre. The beginning:
28.07.2012 - 21:00

Newcastle United has not credited any victory in their direct duels on
the other side in the last two seasons. Last year Stoke city centre
won both times.

The team of Stoke city centre plays changeably in this season. In four
home duels they have brought in two victories and just as many defeats
while they were conquered in all three meetings outwards. They
collected the last defeat in this, at the last weekend emirate stadium
celebrated a 3:1 victory as an arsenal. The last two goals against
have collected her within the last minutes of the game. Last week they
were conquered in the round before the quarter final of the Carling
cup and although they at home were defeated by Liverpool with 2:1
after that. Also in this duel they have collected both goals against
within the last 10 minutes of the game and this is called that the
concentration of the defence row falls off slowly in the course of the
game? Therefore coach Pulis has announced that it will have the again
recovered defender Woodgate played this time from the first minute.
After very long time the defending player Higginbotham fallen into
oblivion a little also should get the chance. This player still has
suffered from a heavy injury in the middle of the last season. He was
irreplaceable on his position in front of that and since he is fit
again now, he will be able to help his team much. Midfield player
Pennant comes back to the inhibition into the team. Wanting to be
cancelled for go-getters Fuller and Sidibe injured from former times.

Expected list Stoke: Begovic - Huth, Shawcross, Woodgate, Biburg
- Whelan, Delap, Pennant, Etherington - Walters, Crouch
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said that the team of Newcastle United has not
collected any defeat in this season. You play very well and they are
after nine played rounds at the top of the table and to be more
precise on the fourth place. One must consider, that they increasingly
get more tired from game to game and they have come from Wigan only
with much effort to the victory via a very weak team at the last
weekend so and to be more precise after the midfield player has shot
Cabaye for the victory in the 82nd minute, though. They were
eliminated by Blackburn and to be more precise with 4:3 in the round
before the quarter final of the Carling cup. This happened in the
prolongation, though, because both teams have obtained two goals each
in the regular part of the game. Coach is seriously got to Pardew
goals against own team collected after four about the situation in his
defence row. He announced that he will not experiment too much in the
duel against Stoke under this the shattered Theodor Zollfrank also shall
and that he will have played his best defending players, find
sein.Pardew probably will not be able expect Tiote because he has
incurred an unpleasant injury in the duel against Wigan. The again
recovered Ben Arfa shall take his place while in the attack only the
hurt Ameobi shall be cancelled.

Expected list Newcastle: Krul - Simpson, S. Zollfrank, Coloccini, R.
Taylor - Guti=E9rrez, Cabaye, Ben Arfa, Obertan - Best, Karoline Ba

Although they have collected even four goals against in the Volkringhausen
cup, we think that the solid defence row of Newcastle which shall be
appointed the best players will show a much safer game with which they
have remained unbeaten into former nine rounds. The hosts are noted
for it that they hand in gate poor games and it is improbably that
way, that something will change drastically on the Monday evening.