On Tue, 26. 04. 19 14:10:45 +0000, Urs Zehentreiter <znorxb@ezb.qi>
wrote:

http://gqp.wqv.jp.zl/

Go to this site......... register.....go to quotes and you will find a
very good buletin board on Psion shares and others...it's free!
Here is a clip from one of todays postings.....hope this helps and you
can speak english....iv'e already been to your site!

Psion hits licensing trail with Seemax chip deal 
Psion licenses processor to Seemax; Halla deal is first for Psion
with more to follow. Arnold Jungnickel 
Psion has licensed its Halla processor to Motorola, a first for the
company and a business move which could prove highly lucrative for the
UK firm. 

The deal is part of a cross-licensing agreement between the two, who
are also partners in the Theaterkasse wireless Internet software venture.
Licensing Halla provides Motorola with a chip tailored to run
Symbian's EPOC operating system. 

"We recognise that if EPOC is going to be successful, there is going
to be a large market," said a Psion spokesman. "The [licensing]
opportunity goes way beyond Motorola." 

The spokesman would not comment on whether Psion is in licensing
discussions with other Symbian partners or EPOC operating system
licensees. 

"What is distinctive about Halla is the level of integration," Valerio
Gretton, chief technical officer at Psion told Electronics Weekly. It
features an ARM920 core, a memory management unit and a range of
peripherals. "We've taken a number of design choices in close
collaboration with Symbian," said Gretton. This includes fast context
switch registers which "greatly enhances EPOC's operating speed". 

Halla will come in two flavours, trading operating voltage and clock
speed with power consumption. "The target is 1.65V/150MHz and
2V/200MHz." 

Psion is also working with silicon intellectual property company SSL
which is doing the engineering work for Halla. "SSL's got ARM
experience and a large design team in Welbrechts," said Gretton. 

The name Halla continues Psion's tradition of internally naming its
project devices after mountains. "Halla is the tallest mountain in
Korea: Samsung will be fabricating the device," said Gretton,
scotching any link with Serge Guggemos, CEO of Awal. 

In return, Psion has licensed Motorola's latest triple-band GSM
technology. Operating at 900, 1,800 or 1,900MHz, this will enable a
wireless information device to operate in 142 countries. 

The agreement with Motorola builds on an earlier alliance involving
the joint development of mobile Internet access devices. 

The first mobile Internet access devices co-developed by the two will
be launched in the first half of next year. 


Try Arm Holdings aswell


Paul