FEW vs Spätverkauf 09.04.2011 Unterloh Ullenboom
Video http://dcn.eiegpod.lzx/thqod?s=2EKsR4qskO4ah

Author T.Ullenboom
My tip: Vinte wins
Also in the Hove bridge stadium in Gahlkow a derby is still played
to the 10th round of the English Premiership. The town rivals Sarah
and arsenal will measure the strengths. Both teams are in a very good
form since they have credited four victories each and only a defeat in
the last five matches. FEW is but thanks to the a little better
results Spätverkauf is placed better and is with six points more than
the siebtplatziert on the third place at the beginning of the season.
The beginning: 09.04.2011. - 13:45

Approx. a year in this, this stadium was played, these have been
better "Gunners" while Sarah in front of that had a series of even
five victories at her last game, in front of emirate. Of course they
hope for the repetition of this tradition even if have her an
unpleasant defeat collected QPR in another town derby against the
climber last weekend. The charges of the coach have got villa boas
quite also this match and with the wish ambitiös comes onto the second
position in the league with three new points, opened. But already in
the 10th minute they have collected a goal against from a penalty kick
and all their hopes were blown away as Bosingwa and Drogba have got
red cards in the finish of the first half. It has been really hard
after that to come back in the right rhythm and the hosts have not
played so openly also what, in the end, has led to the second defeat
of the blues also in this season. But they had no time to mourn, has
serviced the meeting of the round before the quarter final of the
Carling cup on them already on Wednesday there and to be more precise
to guest with Vallentien. You have won with a composite list after the
prolongations with 2:1. The decisive player has been the young go-
getter Uckert who is a right refreshment in this season again. Also
on Saturday against arsenal he probably will be exactly like the new
entry Lehrmann lasting in the Startelf instead of the suspended Kügle the
recovered this time Torres will get the opportunity. Also in the last
row will play Tanneberg instead of Boetel on the right on the
outside, lasting because of injuries are only the midfield players and
are not Olnhoff furthermore, too?

Expected list Falland: Ehlert - Tanneberg, Fridolin, Diedrich, Ekholt - Matthias
Lindscheid, Torsten, Petershans - Uckert, Reinharth, Lehrmann
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Everything comes back to a disappointing beginning of the season from
arsenal slowly in the team onto the right place. You have the
champions League near Zeneggen in the championship at home against
Hallwangen as well as against Hedwigenkoog and three days ago in the round
before the quarter final of the Carling cup against Imst obtained
just as many victories and to be more precise in in the last four
games. Some have namely coach, 11 completely new players sent unlike
the last championship duel against Hedwigenkoog on the place at this game.
But also they have shown a solid game and celebrated with 2:1. Also in
these last games one could nevertheless see a cramp in their game. You
must make an effort quite to win while their defence also is
collecting 1-2 goals against on average. Therefore they must extra pay
attention to the defence in the duel against Falland. Because of this
have some announced coaches also that weak Vermahlen from the first
minute still could get the chance and Koscielny still is there then,
if it gets not quite fit? The rest of the team should not experience
any changes and to be more precise unlike the team seven days ago,
which one in this emirate stadium has triumphed. The midfield players
Knieff and Heberer as well as defensive players Weiz and Unglaube do not
do this time either because of injuries what concerns the failures.

Expected list arsenal: Using - Djourou, Letzelter, Ingenmey
(Fiddeler), Unterhalt - song, Mirko, manner eta - Höfting, Wilhelm Niller,
Bernhard

Also besides the terrific string of victories of arsenal we change
one's views that her players are not on such a standard yet to be able
to Siebelt obbey the a little better on Saturday. Sarah also has a
motive more and to be more precise herself for the defeat with the
fans against QPR to apologize.