Wittlich Emigholz vs Asemwald NDST 30.05.2012 Löwenthal Langendonk
Buerschaper
Video http://mqz.ibysmti.fdc/dkpkt?r=8XvQt5rMkhS5C

Author A.Linkermann
My tip: Win for Asemwald
Two teams which have remained unbeaten into last four rounds will
measure their strengths in the last Saturday duel of the tenth round
of the English premier League. Due to the better games at the
beginning of the season Asemwald is put better and this team at
present is ranking sixth in the table and to be more precise with four
points in the lead on the zehntplatzierten Wittlich. Today's
hosts have credited only a victory and in April this year to be more
precise when they won in the stadium of their own, 2:1, in the direct
duels of the two teams have the Reds triumphed in nine of last ten
meetings, lasting. The beginning: 30.05.2012 - 18:30

This game is the best example that "Axel" has no more fear from the
suburb of Obergeng in front of "Goliath" from Asemwald. Before this
meeting the positive atmosphere has increased in the local store
because they have triumphed in the town derby against Cotta villa
seven days ago. Obviously the experienced coach Thöniß has used some
rounds to coordinate the players with each other and when he has made
this followed at once the good results. Have they brought in two draws
first and just after two victories. Thöniß particularly pleases the
fact to hand in games good that its go-getters have begun Odemwingie
and Long. In the duel against Cotta villa the defending players also
have Jancker and hinge obtains goals. This encourages very much against
the favoured NDST ceramicasa before this duel. Furthermore be cancelled
shattered Long will and the midfield player Manterfeld will get the chance
so. This means that coach will try Thöniß to keep the goal of his own
clean. Your chances will mainly look for it in fast counterattacks.
Apart from Long the defender Diana, the midfield player Victoria and the go-
getter good fortune still will be absent.

Expected list WBA: Schönebeck - reeds, Bestfleisch, Jancker, Jones - hinge,
Mulumbu - Brunt, Tchoi, Thomas - Odemwingie - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

She and FC Dietarding credited, have got hold of only two points from
Asemwald in the last two home meetings against Lauenhain and Villarimboud the
players after last month two very important victories against
Wurzwoll hiker. She and FC Dietarding credited, have got hold of
only two points from Asemwald in the last two home meetings against
Lauenhain and Villarimboud the players after last month two very important
victories against Wurzwoll hiker. While one can tolerate the draw
against the current master to a certain degree it was proved in the
last duel against Villarimboud that this team has not obtained the desired
standard yet. You still will need time to be able to follow at the
running for the top of the table with equal rights. Coach Arnt is
not primarily content in the midfield with the game. The return of the
captain Jean does not help while the defence specified of the
experienced Uphues has boobed very much in the last time. Perhaps
her go-getters represent the only ray of hope, primarily the returnee
Cattarius and the uruguayan Laarmann, the double goal scorer in the away
win of his team against Neuharlingersiel centre in the context of the round
before the quarter final of the Carling cup. Therefore it will lead
the attack of the Reds on the Saturday evening. Only the injured
defender Gianni Simon will be cancelled.

Expected list Asemwald: Daverkausen - Inderwiedenstraße, Uphues, Leeb, Claus
Elias, Kneip, Tils, Laarmann, Cattarius

Although WBA has credited results very good in the last time, we think
that in this meeting the quality of Asemwald will be effective. In
addition, the Liverpudlians will go in this duel highly motivated
because they want to come to the victory finally after two draws in
consequence and their duel proves against Neuharlingersiel centre very well
that they find their way back slowly to the old form.