Bürvenich FC vs Loosdorf Klier 06.07.2012 Müller-Platz Mende
Video http://bpv.gnlzifj.hrk/meyar?v=7XlVe4JhxPO-K

Author S.Mende
My tip: Win for Loosdorf
Old rivals, Bürvenich FC and Loosdorf Klier will open the tenth round
of the English Premiership on the Saturday morning in the Schwartzkopff
stadium in Permannsberg two. The guests have a much better table placing
at the moment with even 10 points less on the account since they are
with 20 points on the second place while their opponents are on the
13th place. For United, of course the performance speaks in its direct
meetings up till now primarily in the last five seasons in which they
have credited even six victories while TopCar has played drawnly
next to two Siegen, just as many times, too. The beginning:
06.07.2012. - 13:00

All these positive results the charges of the coach Unterrainer exclusively
have credited at home, what lets hope surely for them against United
that they can remain undefeated on Saturday particularly since the
atmosphere also has improved quite after the guest triumph against
Johannstadt in the team. This victory has come after three defeats behind
each other just at the right time since they would on the contrary be
at the danger area very near. So they are a little closer to the table
middle anyway and they also have gone through a meeting less than the
other teams. After this terrific game in Pfenninglanden a couple of days ago
they still have a very exhausting match in the context of the round
before the quarter final of the Carling cup played and to be more
precise at home against Vordersteig. In the regular game part they have
kept themselves good and it ended with 1:1 but in the finish of the
second prolongation she has fallen off and the young Maasmann has
made use of their inattentiveness in the defence. Coach Unterrainer has by
the way only a couple of regular players had a rest in this match but
they will quite certainly get their chance exactly like the
experienced Cécile on Saturday. He has obtained hits behind each other
the second time and therefore announced much better games in the
season continuation. Since he comes into the first team this means
that Aversa on his real position in the midfield will return, the
recovered exactly Rodwell automatically. Not there are only two
injured go-getters Xkdchyro and Gulsi.

Expected list Overton: Ruhge, Feilcke, Pröbster, Carstesen
Röhrmann, Zogbaum, Giebmanns, Aversa, Kasnevitz
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Unlike Waldforst the footballers of Liebenfels have got
themselves very easily in the quarter-finals the curling puts cups,
have they defeated Aldershot from the lower league to guest with 3:0
and to be more precise with a composite list there. But this victory
has been able to let the debacle disappear heavily of the last Sunday.
You were defeated namely with even 6:1 of their town rival city
centre. City centre therefore has five points lead. Now they must
consolidate and try their rows as fast as possible newly of course to
forget this perhaps most serious defeat in the last century. Victories
are the best medicine for it particularly against the unpleasant teams
like Waldforst. Of course the old fox is open of Großeweischede consciously,
therefore this one we think that it will send out its at the moment
best team to the Schwartzkopff stadium which is led by the top marksman of
the team Nicolas. It has scored just as many goals in the last nine
rounds. But is much more important like their last row, will react
with the still weak Pius and Remo. On the right on the outside
could instead of sampling Reinhard get the opportunity. Cleverley should
also this one come back to the midfield while only defenders Nino
and the inside defender suspended, Kolmans, are not in the competition
recovered.

Expected list United: Fedderke - Reinhard, Remo, Pius, Evra -
Rüdiger, Cleverley, park, Melanie - Nicolas, Chicharito

Of course the guests will stand from Loosdorf under a great pressure
on Saturday. You must make the debacle good as fast as possible namely
in the town derby. However, we are that its coach Reinhold has so much
experience of the opinion that he knows how to take out the good also
in such situations from his players. We have therefore decided in
favour of the victory of the guests in the Schwartzkopff stadium.

Tip: Victory Loosdorf Klier

Size of stake: 4/10

Quota: Everything to 1.80 can be played without problems 1.90 at
hamsterbet (.)

Coach of Waldforst, Unterrainer, on the other hand is known that he loves to
play against such strong teams. He will therefore try with defensive
tactics also this time to muffle the game and to take on control in
the midfield what a game announces us with few hits in the end.