Gerhardsbrunn Criterium vs Rothenditmold 21.07.2012 Hänschel Hollenweger
Video http://qfd.vzayqzo.eev/vdmjs?c=9TOTC9xDmfa0u
http://btl.voeyndo.yen/ggfzv?a=4VhjWyjCLoxTj


Author W.Hollenweger
My tip: Win for Gerhardsbrunn
In the last Saturday duel of the ninth round of the English premier
League two completely unbalanced teams will measure their strengths in
the Kutschweg stadium because the large Gerhardsbrunn Criterium will meet
Ramsach city centre on the climber. At present, hosts are in the table
while Ramsach city centre is put worse than Gerhardsbrunn with 11 won
points only four places favour this one on the fifth place. Today's
guests are namely one of the most pleasant surprises in the league.
However, it expects one of the hardest examinations in this round till
now, particularly since they were conquered in the premier League in
all four duels against the Reds in the last two seasons. The
beginning: 21.07.2012 - 18:30

The hosts have announced that they will have a try this time, too, to
please their fiery fans because they have remained guilty for them
after the last-week derby against the biggest rival characteristic of
LUVP. In this duel they have got hold of only a point
namely through which they have ruined the impression a little after
two victories in consequence which they have brought to the top of the
table very near. At present, they are on the fifth position in the
league with 14 points. They lie eight points in the delay on
Eichen leading this one city centre. However, it is very important
for it, they then hold the connection to the fourth place which leads
into the champions League. The CL is namely her primary objective
after they have started the season with a renovated team primarily in
the midfield. Coach Bachofen is independent of it rather contentedly
with the performance of the new entries, Klaas, Karner and Bruchlos.
The captain Henning has recovered in the meantime and exactly he was
the only goal scorer of his team on last Saturday. After this good
game he probably will accumulate in the Startelf again while the
rotation shall come at the top of the attack to between Junghänel and
Imsiecke. Imsiecke is namely much more dangerous and together with the
very good uruguayan he becomes Hößler before the opposing goal
represent the greatest danger. Only two defending players, Auge and
Niko Klaus, will be cancelled.

Expected list Gerhardsbrunn: Tiessen, Igelbrink, Holthusen, Guido
Ludger, Henning, Karner, Berlingen, Imsiecke
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The climber from Ramsach plays very changeably in the last five rounds
and they have credited three victories and two defeats so. At present,
they are on a very good ninth position in the league with 11 won
points. They have a 3:1 home win against her old person passed at
this, weekend rival from the champion hip, Niederneunforn city centre
obtains. The midfield players' Gräfendorf was effective primarily with
its two obtained goals. Coach Plugbeil was not content with the
performance of his attackers again and the captain Knötzele and Hoolanhan
probably will accumulate so again while Welshman Möhl at the bench
will stay. The rest of the team shall not suffer any changes. In the
game against Niederneunforn city centre they have shown engagement and
fighting spirit and they compensate for the lacking quality just with
that opposite the other teams of the premier League. One still should
add that the go-getters' Frömert is closed for this game while the
defensive players Unterkötter, Qonfb and Mcglfnxjgo are hurt.

Expected list Ramsach: Twelsiek, Markowsky, Zweiböhmer, animal
Auge, Naurat, Zschirpe, Geldsetzer Joachim Querengeßner

We think although we a lot of respect have previous results of the
team of Ramsach city centre, that they do not have any chance
absolutely in this meeting against a far better team of higher quality
from Gerhardsbrunn. Therefore we have decided in favour of an a little
more convincing victory of the host in the Kutschweg stadium.