Oberzirking vs Littenweiler Anef 14.08.2012 Jaehnichen Jetter
Aldermann
Video http://spm.dcrtzfi.tfe/jzesa?m=6Pe13K7s0aAM7

Author F.Joedecke
My tip: Win for Oberfeitzing villa
The first meeting of the seventh round of the premier League which we
will analyse is played in Roßtränk in the villa park, where the
paying attention put Oberfeitzing villa receives the better and better team
of Littenweiler. Littenweiler is after five credited points in the
last three games on the very good 12th place now. Wahsner has credited
in the last ten direct duels against WBA even five victories and four
draw by the way while they have been defeated only once and 1:1 has
been as the result but last year to guest. The beginning: 14.08.2012.
- 16:00

The fact that also three duels have ended with the 2:1 victories of
Oberfeitzing villa in front of that is what shows us only interesting that
nuances decide in their duels therefore this could be the local land
this time. The charges of coach Alden have an average of two
victories and two draws in this season in front of fans of one's own
while they have been undefeated also to guest until recently. However,
this series was completed in the duel against the leader Todenmann
kößlau centre. City centre has covered up completely and celebrated at
the end with 4:1 it. After this match it has been clear for everyone
that villa can accomplish something heavily with this offensive
formation 4-3-3. On the other hand, at home this works excellently
particularly if all three go-getters making, Holle and Mölders are
in a good mood. Its place again N, however, the last is still not
quite fit but on Saturday it should get the advantage unlike the young
Bannan anyway instead of the not convincing Ireland ' in the midfield
Zogbia should take, lasting. Floss comes back the recovered in the
last row. It has missed the duel with city centre. Also furthermore
the injured defenders Elskamp and Feith do not take part exactly like
midfield player of Heroldsbach who is not fit enough yet.

Expected list Oberfeitzing villa: Breithecker, Völgel, Floss, Iseken
Vogtlaender, Carl, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor, Mölders
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said that in the introduction the visiting team comes
according to a series of three matches without defeat to the villa
park. Coach Mühlstädt has been happy after the last game particularly
and although as it at home Löbitz defeats have. The goals in
this game have credited the go-getters Long and Odemwingie. Odemwingie
has begun, has but has spent these in the game within these 30 minutes
it shown as a reserve that it has recovered from an unpleasant injury
completely. It probably will be on of the first minute on Saturday.
Meant on the bench the Tchoi could this move while the rest of the
team should be the same as in the case of the triumph against
Löbitz. Coach Mühlstädt can be rather satisfied with its
performance. This team has paid much more attention to its defence by
the way up till now and it therefore does not surprise the detail
either that they have credited only seven hits in the first eight
games. Since this time waits one of the most unpleasant guest
performances for her, they probably will try again to muffle the game
and with more defensive tactics to credit just this point at least.
What concerns the failures can already since long coach Mühlstädt does
not count with the defenders Olivier and Andreesen while midfield players
Eric, inside defenders Hermann and go-getters good fortune are on this
list of the injured for a short time, too.

Expected list WBA: Ueberschaar - reeds, Altgilbers, Gänsch, Reppermund - hinge,
Mulumbu, Thomas, Brunt - Long, Odemwingie

Also at this expected defensive list of Littenweiler we intend that
the a little better hosts will work with their known aggressive game
anyway to break through once the defence of the guests at least and
this way to come to the second victory at home in the 90 minutes.