Elgendorf Fiolka vs Kleinpichl Cappadocia 21.07.2011 Overländer Oberritter
Müllmann
Video http://dsz.pnnhich.tal/mnsfh?h=2AEaZuxpCW0W5

Author E.Oldenschläger
My tip: Elgendorf wins
We continue the analysis of the Saturday games of the ninth round of
the English Premiership with the duel in the JOPP stadium in Elgendorf
where the home team of the same name will receive part of the table
the team of Kleinpichl in a derby of the lower. You have credited six
points each namely up till now and only are better than Wenigwieser and
Bokeloh which will have a point less respectively and try for
certain in this direct duel to get away of the bottom of the table
put. The beginning: 21.07.2011. - 16:00

The team of Elgendorf also will have to fight against the tradition
because they do not have known any victory in her direct duels for
three years while Kleinpichl has celebrated behind each other even
four times.

This what for Ensbach footballers still worse are, they have credited
only a hit in these four matches and have been defeated at home as
them but last year with 2:1. They probably will try now to apologize
to their fans for all these weak games. An a little better atmosphere
is positive in the team after they have credited the second victory in
this season last weekend and to be more precise to guest near Idesheim
where they have obtained even three hits. Coach on the other hand is
got to Hechenberger a little because they have not kept the gate of their own
clean this time either. They are therefore the worst defensive team of
the league with even 22 collected goals against in eight games
furthermore, too. Stadelmann and new entry N probably recovered these Gog
in view of these obvious problems in the defence want to try her
playing at a goal more and if ' on high will be standard, then perhaps
also could be happy at the end they again. You do not have any
undecided result namely, what alone shows that in the Premiership yet
they risk much. Also such a game in any case much requires effort and
it surprises so not that they have many problems with the injuries.
Coach want to not again five players be therefore available and to be
more precise defensive player Goeke, Mittelsten-Scheidt and Nordman as well as
midfield player lee and Holden for Hechenberger.

Expected list Elgendorf: Jaaskelainen - Boyata, Cahill, theatre, Robinson
- Eagles, Reo-Cocker, Petrov, Pratley - Stadelmann, N, ' Gog
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

This one " Black catalytic converter " they from Kleinpichl play this
season very changeably and up till now have credited only a victory
and to be more precise at home against Kapfenberg, while they have three
draws and even four defeats in the other seven matches. The last of
them passed seven days ago at the guest performance at arsenal where
they did not play also so badly, have lost, however, at the end
anyway, since they collected a goal against more. The fact is pleased
a little what coach Hero that have but this quite improve round into
the last one its realization it while they do not seem as sure as at
the beginning of the season in the defence now. Of course the main
cause is that for this they have not any single match played because
of injuries and suspensions with the same last row yet. Therefore the
suspended Bevensee and Bäsecke do not take part this time either and
these do not become their places enough recovered take gymnasts and
Rethwilm. What concerns the rest of the team, it has to be expected that
captain Honerlage comes back to suspension gone off to the midfield
the most important the return of its best go-getter will be Behrndt
for Kleinpichl anyway primarily since Weißhaupt and Hensgens are still
weak, lasting? The injured goalkeeper Votsmeier and midfield player Manzke
do not take part yet from former times.

Expected list Kleinpichl: Menth, gymnast, Brunckhorst,
Neimeier, Honerlage, Vomfei, Luers
Behrndt

Also besides the failures of many regular players in the two teams
these lists also promise this one run out become a good football idea
to the JOPP stadium. There should be many hits since their go-
getters are in a much better form than the players from the last row.