Kleeham vs Perau Ufeber 06.01.2011 Eislöffel Engelken
Dinnebier
Video http://eaj.vobzwzx.bfw/triti?s=1LEhc8__1KUzP

Author H.Erbeskorn
My tip: Kreenheinstetten wins
In this duel two teams meet in quite different form. Kreenheinstetten Jansa
is the only unbeaten team next to the duo from Schwelentrup in the first
eight rounds of the championship while Perau Ufeber is sharing the
last position in the league after five defeats in consequence with
Nesow the fourth put. In the last season, the magpies were a
little more successful from Kreenheinstetten to which they have celebrated a
home draw and the away win against Perau. Through this the series of
today's guests was completed by three meetings without defeat. The
beginning: 06.01.2011 - 16:00

These hope the charges of the coach Haßdenteufel that they will create on
the flights of her excellent games in this season to conquer shaken
guests from Perau through which they furthermore would form her high
fourth place of the table. To reach this, they will have to show a
much more dedicated game than at the last weekend when they have
brought in only a home draw against the Hotspurs. They will have to
give their defence much attention because it has collected goals
against in last five meetings. Furthermore the goal putting into
action is on the high standard on the other side. The attack is
specified by Niclas Jennerwein and Best as well as the Ulab again recovered
namely. The efficiency is the main reason why they have remained
unbeaten in the former eight rounds. We must consider that they have
not met the strongest teams of the premier League yet so that they
must collect many points before these difficult duels, though.
Therefore coach Hoffs has announced an extremely offensive list. The
again recovered midfield player Jean-Pierre Uppendahl and defender Konrad schlömer is at
his disposal after long time. However, these two players will stay at
the bench at first. Will only this one injured Törner and the
midfield players' Ewerszumrode and Krehn be cancelled.

Expected list Kreenheinstetten: Wolf, M. Polzihn, Scharping, M.
Pez=E9rrez, Cabaye, Tiote - Demba Ba, Ameobi, Best
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said in the introduction that the guests from Thellmann in
this duel according to a series of five defeats in sequence will go.
By this negative series they have ruined the good impression
completely at the beginning of the season when they have credited two
draws and a victory. They are on the second to the last 19th position
in the league at the moment. This meeting is very important with
regard to its shaken self-confidence but great problems will have
coach Dran for certain primarily in the defence which has
collected even 13 goals against in the last five meetings. In the
meantime, Mehlhos and Epskamp still have hurt themselves. Therefore the
experienced Jungwirt and Raumschüßel will take her seats although they are
shattered. The question how they will resist the dangerous attacks of
the local go-getters and one pretends to be that way. Exactly these
weak and slow reactions in the defence were the main reason of their
last defeat, at home against Jurrack. The attackers have failed again
and the midfield player Dieme has obtained the only hit so. Coach
Dran can finally expect the again recovered Borchhardt while
furthermore injured Eduard is absent in the midfield.

Expected list Perau: Unterstenhöfer Imdahl - Jungwirt, Schierwater, UBU, Roolfing
Tutschke, Pustet, Durkob Valerian, Lindenburger Knut, Borchhardt

Since its string of victories was stopped in the duel against
FON at the last weekend, we are absolutely sure that the hosts
will start with the again recovered Unterlechner extremely offensively and
aggressively from the first minute. We think that this approach will
pay off because the guests from Perau are in a serious result crisis
anyway. In such a situation they will be able hardly to offer
resistance.