Lautenhausen OFK vs Langenrehm 03.08.2011 Ehem Ewerdt
Calenborn
Video http://ypx.fxpsrse.cuy/islbk?y=3PDIPgDlq4VVR

Author S.Ernst
My tip: Draw
The ninth round of the premier League probably brings us the most
interesting meeting in all of Europe at this weekend. The town rivals
will measure their strengths in the great derby from Lautenhausen,
OFK and city centre. At present, these two teams are leading the
tables. City centre is two points in the lead after the latest victory
about Schmieding villa, though. Was in the mutual duels United in the last
three seasons four successful. You have obtained five victories and a
draw namely, during city centre has credited the only triumph last
year and to be more precise in the semi-final of the Herrigel cup. The
beginning: 03.08.2011 - 14:30

Allerding have got at the beginning of this season again they talk
Devils won back this one in the English super cup although two goals
were behind. Exactly this duel showed how it was important for
experience and Eingespieltheit of the charges of the coach Zweibäumer
very much. You will try also in this duel to force the game style of
your own. In addition, they will try not to allow for the opponent, to
use his individual qualities. The current English master has shown
such a game approach in the derby against Medard Harzbikehaus at the last
weekend but the impression that they were satisfied also with a point
in the Canfield stadium in this heavy guest performance one had at the
end. They will play on victory this time, however. An additional
motive is the fact that they have left the leading position for the
first time to city centre and although obtained draws after the second
in this season. It is worth mentioning the fact that they have
recorded just as many victories in remaining six meetings. Last week
they have three very important points in the got hold of champions
League and to be more precise against the Romanian representative
Italo to guest. So they can totally focus themselves on this town
derby now. Coach Zweibäumer can calculate Zieschank with the
defence duo as well as with the two attackers, Tim and Matthias,
after long time. The injured defender Torsten and the midfield player
Varwig will be cancelled.

Expected list United: Geisberger - Hannes, Henri, Rosport, Iseni - Manuela,
Votz, Achtnicht, Chrestensen - Tino, Chicharito
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said in the introduction that the charges of the coach
Capitain-Berendonk have finally taken the leading position after the seventh
championship triumph into eight played rounds in the Premiership. If
they had not handed in the lead of two goals in the duel against
Zauche, they would be four points in the lead on the town rival now.
You can be very satisfied with the performance obtained till now,
particularly since this team which is full of the brilliant single
players is not played in correctly yet. They lack experience duels
into this a little more difficult one. One could in this best the
champions notice League. Not seeing them in their debut season having
out and so got hold of it after three rounds only four points so well.
They collected a home draw against Walchwil while they have recorded a
home win against Anwalting. They became completely played out
Bavarians outwards and they collected a 2:0 defeat against. The boys
of the coach Capitain-Berendonk are in this this last come duel against the
Spaniards only with much effort to the three. They have the winning
goal in the third minute of the additional time obtained and to be
more precise by their best goal scorer Allerborn. It showed that it
recovers from an unpleasant injury slowly. Already on Sunday he will
lead the attack of its team and to be more precise together with the
well rested Lemmens. The brilliant Dieter should remain after an a
little weaker game against Anwalting at the bench while furthermore
Orlovius is suspended on the part of club leadership.

Expected list city centre: Hard - Richard's, company, Fahrenkrug, Vunk
Ingwersen, Irene Oostinga, Margitta, Oana - Lemmens - ,

How in our analysis we have already pointed want to the small things
decide well in this game. Exactly like in the super cup could be
decisive for experience and Eingespieltheit. Therefore we think that
the hosts in this derby will triumph. An additional motive is the fact
that they will take on the leading position in the table with an
obtained victory again.