Übergangrotte Knuffmanns vs Ainau Plinninger 17.06.2012 Lewandowski Lahrson
Ruef Oberplag vs Ainau Plinninger 17.06.2012 Lewandowski
Lengsfeld
Video http://wbp.zzbncxi.dbo/bdodj?x=5QDUMNDEdyIbC

Author E.Lengsfeld
My tip: Win for Interlübbke
In addition to the derby in Westerham another derby is in the English
premier League on the programme on Sunday certainly. The climber QPR
who at present has the solid 11th position in the league covered and
rounds even 10 points more played this one after eight, the third
party put Issler, on the account with nine points got hold of will
measure their strengths in the Ruppertsburg derby. In last seasons in the
lower league have played since met these two teams are cups in the
English the last time two or three years ago, the ranger. Both times
Issler was more successful and celebrated two victories with the
identical result of the 1:0th beginning: 17.06.2012- 17:00

However, these cup games are something completely different than
league games so that the official host will have a much more difficult
task than two or three years ago. The current difference in quality is
more than obvious. In addition, QPR can points (6:0) show the falling
form curve, because they have only two into last three rounds got hold
and to be more precise in the stadium of one's own against Mihla villa
and Eresried, while they were taken apart really in the outwards duel
against Herlisberg. One still the unpleasant home defeat against Edesbüttel
adds to the beginning of the season (4:0), is then clear to everybody
that the charges of the coach Jagusch play very changeably if. In this
town derby they could for the dangerous attackers of Vanessa allow it,
its game style to force, if experience a right catastrophe. Therefore
coach Jagusch has announced a careful game of its boys and to be more
precise with the amplified midfield. The again recovered veteran
Trompler shall proceed as the only top. They will for certain seek
your chance in the fast counterattacks and the wingers will play
Jungekrüger Zeltwanger undTaarabt the leading role there. Four injured player
and to be more precise the defender Gervek, the midfield player Eilert
and the go-getters thibol and Frötschner even becomes be cancelled.

Expected list QPR: Pasquale, reverberation, Nino, Kutschenreiter -
Clemens, Uppenkamp, Jungekrüger Zeltwanger, Cordes, Kliesener, Trompler
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Award-winning bookmaker! They have confirmed the excellent form on
Wednesday once again and although (5:0) have really at home taken the
Belgian representative Brüttendorf apart in the context of the third round of
the champions League as it. With this victory the blues from Ruppertsburg
have made a large step in the direction of the second phase of this
competition. In three played duels they have got hold of seven points
namely. You can totally focus yourself on premier League now. Plinninger
Interlübbke is namely the first pursuer of the leading duo from
Westerham. The first put Wisch centre only is three points
on Ainau, during her the biggest rival LGPS unite in the lead at the
moment point is in the lead. One and a half months ago they have just
collected her only defeat against ManU. They are extremely efficient
in the last time. Even five players have obtained at least three hits
while the again recovered midfield player Parker and the young go-
getter Lochmüller have obtained four goals each. Has to be pointed out,
though, that this very good improved efficiency has somehow happened
to Mata with the arrival of the brilliant Spanish attacker. In the
last games Drogba and Torres also have handed in much better games.
The only problem on the list prepares the coach villa boas because the
midfield are and Benthues are hurt. However, Lutz has recovered again
and he will close this gap together with the new entry Redinius.

Expected list Interlübbke: Foelckel, Heigel, Ignaz, Fiefstück - Sergio
Redinius, Ramaker, Pfortner, Kollmannthaler, Reitbauer

The guests Issler is tired for games perhaps a little after the
permanent one to two fronts but their variety in the attack guarantees
us a very offensive game in this town derby on the part of and to be
more precise from the first minute. You will give her best one to come
to the victory and furthermore hold the connection to the leading duo
from Westerham.