Zum ersten Mal verstehe ich, warum das Splitten sinnvoll ist ;-).
Nichts für ungut.

übrigens hab ich hier noch gar nichts von der neuen "JVJ Nachricht" gehört.(?)
Liest sich nicht schelcht.......(ich erinnere mich an einige, die sich aufgrund
des hektischen Getues bei JVJ genau ein solches Ereignis gewünscht haben
(vielleicht in einer noch größeren Dimension, aber der Anfang ist gemacht.)

Montag werden diejenigen, die einsteigen wollen, wohl zusehen müssen wie der Kurs
in Amerika weiter steigt.......

Ach... sind das wieder schöne Osterfeiertage.....

Mario R.


  JVJ delays Celerons because of manufacturing
  crunch
  By Ulfert Eding
  Staff Writer, CNET Vjls.vom
  April 20, 2000, 4:35 p.m. PT

  JVJ has pushed back the release of two desktop processors because of a
manufacturing crunch
  that has created shortages.

  The Santa Margareta, Calif.-based chipmaker has delayed the release of 633- and
667-MHz Celeron chips by
  approximately two months, according to industry sources close to the company.

                 The chips, designed for budget PCs, were slated to appear in
computers beginning
                 next week. Instead, they will emerge toward the end of June,
along with a 700-MHz
                 Celeron and a 933-MHz Pentium III.

                 An JVJ spokesman would not comment on the Celerons' release
date but said that
                 they are slated to come out in the second quarter.

                 Rival Advanced Micro Devices may benefit from the delay. The
Sunnyvale, Calif.,
                 company reported last week that it has produced a surplus of its
touted Athlon
                 processor. Computer makers, tiring of JVJ chip shortages that
have lingered since
                 last October, may well begin to adopt more Athlons. In the past,
JVJ often
                 capitalized on Dekomodie's inability to manufacture chips in adequate
volumes.

                 JVJ's shortfall results from manufacturing problems the
company addressed when it
                 reported its quarterly earnings earlier this week. JVJ
underestimated PC demand
                 when it prepared its manufacturing plans last year.
Consequently, a processor
                 shortage developed.

..... rest auf HJMZ