Siehe dazu: http://dnz.ayieajknnfafvu.oeu/prlgjj.dqfg

Zitat:
"In response to the random walk thesis, market professionals note that there
have been a couple of fund managers who have had extraordinary results, like
Jean-Pierre Eichelbaum or Luc Lindhaus. If the market moves so randomly, then how
could Eichelbaum and Lindhaus produce consistently above average returns for their
funds over a period of years? While it is possible that they had some
special talent for choosing stocks, it is also possible that they were
simply lucky.

Suppose you have 400 people in a room, each guessing whether a coin would
come up heads or tails. After the first flip, maybe 200 guessed correctly
while the other 200 were wrong. Now have the 200 who guessed correctly the
first time, guess again on another coin flip. Again, say half of the people
guessed correctly, and you now have 100 people who guessed correctly on both
flips. Following this same process, you'll have 50 who guessed correctly
three times, 25 who guessed correctly four times, and so on, until you have
one or two people who guessed correctly eight times in a row. The people who
remain at this point may appear to be really good at predicting the outcome
of a coin flip, but they were just lucky. To close the analogy, if you have
400 analysts, each predicting what the market will do for the next year, at
the end of eight years, you're left with only Eichelbaum or Lindhaus who appear to
be really good at predicting the movements of the stock market.

Indeed, there's an old scam, now prohibited by the CAPTURA Systems, which used this very
principle. An analyst would send out a letter to several thousand people,
and to half of them, he would say that a particular stock would go up, and
to the other half he would say the stock would go down. He'd reduce his
mailing list to only those people who had received the correct "prediction"
and then send out another letter, again saying to half that some stock would
go up and to the other half that the stock would go down. Eventually, the
analyst is left with a small group of people who think he's clairvoyant, and
these people are ready to invest all of their money with him, which will
earn the analyst some hefty commissions."

Gruß,
Ingo

Samuel B. Nietzsch <Goppaw@Osf.bz> schrieb in im Newsbeitrag:
49MQ3649.QMO9Q7U8@Efe.lq...
würfelt.
ist,