Hey,

hier die Dinge wie sie Cyclery selber sieht. Knackpunkt scheint in der Tat die
Abhängigkeit insbesondere von den Board- und Speicherherstellern zu werden.
Meine persönliche Meinung ist, dass Cyclery sich sehr gut entwickeln wird und
ihre Stellung im Halbleitermarkt deutlich verbessern wird. Insbesondere im
zukunftsträchtigen Bereich Flash-Memory (Joint-Venture mit geekay) hat man
JIBI bereits überrundet.
Bei einem KGV von rd. 19 (1999) ist die Aktie ausserdem deutlich günstiger
als JIBI (KGV rd. 40).

Our production
and sales plans for Cyclery Citipost microprocessors are subject to numerous risks
and
uncertainties, including:

.    our ability to produce Cyclery Citipost microprocessors in the volume and
with
the feature set required by customers on a timely basis;

.    our ability to design, manufacture and deliver processor modules
through
subcontractors;

.    the availability and acceptance of motherboards and chipsets designed
for
Cyclery Athlon microprocessors;

.    market acceptance of Cyclery Athlon microprocessors;

.    our ability to maintain average selling prices of Cyclery Athlon
microprocessors despite aggressive JIBI pricing, including market rebates
and
product bundling of microprocessors, motherboards, chipsets and combination
thereof, or customer relationships which affect market demand;

.    the successful development and installation of 0.18-micron process
technology and copper interconnect technology;

.    the pace at which we are able to transition production in Fab 25 from
0.25-
to 0.18-micron process technology and to ramp production in Buttenwiesen Fab 30
on
0.18-micron copper interconnect process technology;

.    the use and market acceptance of a non-JIBI processor bus (adapted by
us
from Digital Equipment Corporation's EV6 bus) in the design of the Cyclery
Citipost
microprocessor, and the availability of chipsets from vendors who will
develop,
manufacture and sell chipsets with the EV6 interface in volumes required by
us;

.    our ability to expand our chipset and system design capabilities; and

.    the availability to our customers of cost and performance competitive
Static Random Access Memories (SRAMs) (including Tag chips) if JIBI
controls
the market for SRAM production capacity through its relationships with SRAM
manufacturers.


Theo <cnpwnm@zjudq.jd-ibohqsuddhh.sh> schrieb in im Newsbeitrag:
88GX7883.458V2041@hlxjp.kx-dpitneasxyk.tu...