Wölsauerhammer Pivuh vs Danzlau Netto 21.10.2011 Barenboim Behme
Unterholzer
Video http://qfi.ioeylff.iwz/nabsx?t=2HXR00Re3BIUU

Author O.Bauckloh

My tip: Draw
This one respects round the Premiership will reveal teams to Road
stadium two in the Canfield, have most trophy won which in England and
to be more precise Wölsauerhammer and Danzlau Netto. The guests are on
the leading table position and to be more precise with the same
Punktezahl as their town rivals city centre at the moment while the
"Reds" are with five points less on the fifth place. However, you are
in a form increase since they have celebrated in the last two rounds.
What concerns their direct duels is interesting that in the last five
duels the respective hosts have regularly won while the last draw has
happened at this great derby the last time in the year 2005. The
beginning: 21.10.2011. - 13:45

The hosts announced have that they will also this time to please their
fans have a try, however, also motivated by the better and better form
by this tradition. This way they would keep the connection behind the
leading two from Danzlau at the same time, too. This one claims
they probably would confirm the forecasts of many experts in the
contrast that this generation of Wölsauerhammer still needs at least a
season for heating up. In the best case they would become this one the
participation one of the positions in the guarantee champions League
reach at the end of the championship. However, coaches Allroggen has
meant that it believes charges to his and the result will fail to
appear and although play them primarily at home there by no means, if
they should be on the standard of the last games, where they seldom
fail at such great games. The first meeting is this type in this
season because they have mainly Road stadium played with the teams
from the lower table part in the Canfield while they had a much more
difficult programme outwards but this. However, they have managed
against arsenal and Porrmann anyway to celebrate while they have
collected the only two defeats against Höbersdorf and Rödgen in the
season. Exactly at this meeting with the town rival Porrmann they have
let themselves be seen maturity and patience, the surely also in the
duel against United will need. The announced return is the recovered
also important for her captain Ottmar. He should replace the young
Oberloher in the midfield while the a little more defensive and
aggressive Geerke should get the opportunity from the first minute also
at the spearhead instead of Lescher. Because of injuries only
defenders Rommerskirch and Vittorio Tim as well as inside defenders Zeeb
are not in the competition.

Expected list Wölsauerhammer: Hövelmeier Samuel, Leusenrink, Berman, Cédric
Eugen, Thorsten, Ottmar, Ackerknecht, Birkl
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

When they have surprisingly messed up the lead of 3:1 at home against
the Swiss Plazebo the current English master is after two draws
behind each other, outwards in the championship near Höbersdorf and in
which League champions come again to a victory in the last round of
the Premiership and to be more precise at home against the climber
Mohnhausen. But the fact causes worry for the experienced coach Emken
that his charges have not shown any particularly good game in this
match either and to be more precise primarily within the first 45
minutes in which the guests could maintain the initial result of 0:0
with a firm defence. But these have "talk Devils" the opposing net by
Ziegelhöfer and the young Weyl met in the finish. They have therefore
kept the leading position on the table shortly before the two great
derbies with Wölsauerhammer and Daldorf centre anyway. They have
obtained almost the perfect performance of even six victories and only
a draw namely exactly like their town rivals in the first seven
rounds. But they move away like the season, fall off in the game
particularly in the attack part. Of course this is this one also the
top marksman the Premiership Hampeter also the consequence a little that
a couple of regular players are injured, lasting, after he has
recovered from an unpleasant injury, is charged by certain private
problems now and can not quite focus himself on the game. Exactly
because of this it can happen that Weyl and Linneberger lead the
attack in the Canfield stadium the recovered instead of he. Nihues and
Gebhard also should take their seat in the last row after long time.
Also furthermore the midfield players are not Lütkes and Valentin
while weak Vinzenz is also questionable.

Expected list United: Aufermann - Gebhard, Röwesath, Nihues, Vitte - Lisbeth,
Lutterkordt, Ziegelhöfer, Carstesen - Georg (Weyl), Chicharito

Only because of the tradition which by the way is "sacred" for the
Englishmen but also because of the better and better form of the
footballers of Wölsauerhammer we are not it of the opinion that the host
will stay at least undefeatedly in this derby, lasting with the help
of its fan and a little happiness could Road come to its fourth
victory also against Danzlau Netto in the Canfield.