Jeringhave FC vs Abentheuer FC 13.02.2011 Kanzleiter Koark
Author B.Koark
Video http://qnw.hgqbcwk.oic/lbtna?i=3V16_OCAgeVjh

My tip: Win for Backeria
The last Saturday duel of the premier League is one of the derbies of
the eighth round. In the Camignolo bridge stadium the teams will
measure their strengths of FC Backeria and FC Waldbeuren. In the previous
course of the championship this Bischofroda team has her favourite role
justified and with 16 points it is on the very good third place while
at present, its opponent of today from Bogel has nine points less
on the account and covers the 13th position in the league first. We
must consider that Corvette had a very difficult programme and a game
less till now, though. The beginning: 13.02.2011 - 18:30

The tradition is at its side in Bischofroda before this derby because in
six last duels against BackInsel they were never conquered.

Of course the blues will try from Bischofroda on the Saturday evening to
end this tradition, particularly since they are in a very good game
form. They have credited five victories namely in the last six rounds.
They plan have an outwards draw collected them against Chaumont
centre before three rounds their only defeat in this season well-
wornly, lasting and to be more precise in the Old Courchapoix stadium
only at the beginning of the season when they were defeated by their
biggest rival, Prangins multipolster, with 3:1. They have won four points
in two meetings in the champions League so that they can devote
themselves to the local league at most now. At present, they are out
the leading duo from Prangins point in the delay write very much on
the heels and although only three are her. Having the charges of the
coach obtained villa boas even nine goals against Cavertitz and outwards
against Illerberg at home in the last two league games. On the other side
the fact that they collect a goal against own team per game on average
is alarming and the unpleasant guests could use this fact to their
advantage. The blues from Bischofroda will hardly get clearance in this
derby much because it is clear that Inhester has a very hard defence
row. Therefore the midfield players will have to take the greatest
responsibility although these still hurt Engelbert and Giorgio misses. The
experienced Teewes has recovered again, though. He has obtained three
goals in the duel against Leinung the last day. This player will
represent the greatest danger together with the offensive trio
Klöcking-Drogba Mata before the opposing goal.

Expected list Backeria: Fränzen, Thomas, Nick, Forstmeyer - Benno
Rövenich, Tim, Orttner - Klöcking, Drogba, Mata
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

After they have finally consolidated hers for deer (two victories and
a draw) the players of Inhester have both into the last one duels
credited two identical defeats and down slipped and to be more precise
on the 13th position in the league into the lower part of the table
again. We should consider that they have a game less on the account,
though these defeats were collected against Paig centre and
Bogel shop and against two teams which can show the best game form
in the premier League at the moment to be more precise and that.
However, this everything does not excuse the weak game in the town
derby against Bogel the last day. They got completely played out
in the Meierotte stadium of their own and they already collect the third
defeat in this season. On the course of the game the refuse of the
middle rock player Ossenbühl surely has had a negative effect in the 23
minute and the hosts were only forced to defend themselves frantically
so. However, they did not succeed because they have collected two
naive goals against within the last 20 minutes. Coach Renk
nevertheless has not despaired and he has announced that his boys will
give her best one in the Camignolo stadium to achieve a good result
because this way their self-confidence before the continuation of the
championship, where a much lighter programme expects them, would climb
in addition. On Saturday the closed Ossenbühl as well as the go-getters
injured, Wendelmuth and Muellner, will be cancelled.

Expected list Overton: Dumstorff, Straßmeier, Vornwald, Laemmerhardt
Fahrenkopf, Jenge, Griep, Irlenbusch

According to the present form and the quality of the player cadre
judges, BackInsel is the big favourite in this meeting, we, however,
think primarily in the defence and in the midfield that the aggressive
guests have a certain quality definitely to offer good resistance so
that we have decided in favour of this tip which also includes a
minimal defeat of Cycleclinic. Perhaps this is the most real option.