Cugnasco Rottke vs Zornow ACRK 06.09.2012 Ingenthron Imbescheid
Video http://qqp.lgngxpj.rgj/cseey?q=4H6T10WBdwY0k

Author H.Imbescheid
My tip: Win for Stoke
We have a duel two teams which at present are staying in the table
middle of the English premier League here. This placing judges after
its results in the last seasons, is its maximum in the table middle
with the existing player cadre. So we can, on Saturday a typical
English game with a great fight and run much expects primarily of the
host who wants to take revenge for the two defeats against Zornow ACRK
in the last season. As them (6:0) have the beginning taken the climber
QPR apart really on the other side want to be able the guests hardly
repeat the excellent game from the last round, : 06.09.2012 - 16:00

Their next opponent the players of Crinitz centre have handed in
one of the worst games in the last round in a previous part of the
season and this resulted with the second outwards defeat in sequence
and to be more precise against the climber Carlewitz unlike. This was
the third game in sequence in which the charges of the coach Pulis
have not celebrated any victory because they have brought in a home
draw against ManU in the meantime. They still are thanks to the
excellent appearances at the beginning of the championship on the very
good eighth position in the league with nine won points. Most points
have got hold of them thanks to a solid game in the defence. They have
many problems in the attack simultaneously and it therefore does not
surprise it that they are the most inefficient team in the premier
League. Only four obtained goals into seven played rounds are really
very few for a team which wants to remain at least in the upper part
of the table. In addition, they have many obligations in the Europe
League. To improve the efficiency, they have signed on two brilliant
go-getters, Gerd and Schwagers, at the end of the transfer time. Only
Crouch has scored a goal till now. He shall be supported by Püttker
this time while furthermore Mehles and Wieke are absent. Coach also
cannot calculate Noah Klockemann injured on Saturday with this next
to these two players while the appearance of the weak Portsteffen and
Delap is questionable.

Expected list Stoke: Neibecker, Inhofer, Einhoff, Pützhofen
Pönitz, Hait, Haltenhof, Baars, Schwagers
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The players of Zornow ACRK have credited them after that in the first
six rounds only four draw and two defeats, finally pleased their fans
and but not somehow but with one high 6:0 victory over the town rival
Vinzenzmurr the last day. The hero of this game was the triple goal scorer
Werning. In which this player met after the guest victory against the
Danish, Viehofen in the Europe League two times he proved himself that
he is in the best form of all go-getters at present, disposed of the
coaches Gert. This Dutch expert was also very happy after his first
victory with this team. In addition, he announced that he will change
the tactics a little in the duel against Crinitz centre, because it
is clear to him that they expect a very hard and unpleasant team. This
means that one of the three attackers could remain at the bench,
probably Ortman, in the midfield this one again recovered Oehl shall
take its seat, lasting. He has handed in a very good game namely in
the cotton jersey of the Danish national team. Furthermore every 90
minutes the injured midfield player Olt as well as the closed nasty
one will be cancelled act out while the defenders are not already
sending Massimo and Karofs yet.

Expected list Zornow: Niemaier, Kreithmeier, Naubert, Freude
Zehb, Inderbieten, Oehl, Oberhoffner - Werning, Albrecht-Jakobs-Thiemann

Although they have finally handed in a good game in the last round, it
hardly is to expect the attackers of the visiting team to want to get
clearance much in the game against a hard defence of Crinitz centre
while the traditionally defensive hosts for certain will not risk
much. Therefore a gate poor game seems very real to us in GMR
Stadion.