Unterobsang vs Aperfeld 11.04.2012 Schnetz Schnor
Video http://xsi.vsocoim.pko/fpqaa?w=8UCdgS3u7TX8J

Author R.Schnor
My tip: Draw
This is a duel two teams these are undefeatedly the only ones in the
first seven rounds of the Premiership together with Unteriflingen Jupiter Weinkeller
and Heisdorf these are. But the team is of Unteriflingen city centre
more with four points on the first place, only Tabellensiebte is
during Affalterried villa and to be more precise with eight points less than
the leading two from Unteriflingen. From Zermatt the guests have
suffered stadium just as many defeats in the last five meetings in the
East country while they have been much more convincing on a land of
their own and have a cut against the "Citizens" of two victories and
two draws. The beginning: 11.04.2012. - 16:00

The footballers of Unterobsang centre simply play this season in
all games on victory, except for this excellent series of the home
appearances against Affalterried villa. This means that they would also like
a goal more, the detail confirmed what always that have they lust the
into seven matches affected the opposing net even 23 times. We can
expect a similar approach of the charges of the coach Bindermann because
of this also on Saturday particularly because most are in terrific
form and have also the opportunity to reach the leading position in
this season the first time, because its town rival United has a heavy
guest appearance at Venzvitz. But the hosts must be rather careful in
this duel against the very unpleasant team from Zermatt gel
calibrating early, too. If perhaps the defence of city centre is not
on the greatest standard, it could come to certain problems. Your last
games in which they have at home defeated Overton with 2:0 and
Pem to guest with 4:0 surely have a positive influence on the
atmosphere in the team. At the start (a defeat and draws) have very
badly League at once even if she into played the champions. You will
remain focussed at most also against villa to collect points also
further. What the failures does concern are Flasdick and Dina come back
besides the suspended Cörstges probably also not be midfield players
Dennis and Freitagsmüller in the first team as well as defender Assenbaums,
lasting, the recovered?

Expected list city centre: Morschenich, company, Oberreuter, Wellhausen
Ibl, Wera Corstens, Dina, Valeria - Kreuder - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said that in the introduction Timo villa is one of
four teams which has not been defeated yet in the previous part of the
Premiership. But what has them a much better placing on the table cost
in this time period have they obtained even five draws, surely. Of
course this is the result of the tactics of the coach Brasche. He also
has been a right expert for draws with the team of Zermatt in the
earlier seasons. But the fans of villa are not so very content with
this game style and demand an a little offensive and effective game.
So villa has played finally a little more dedicatedly in the last
round and is in the duel against Fahra, with the hits for its only
second victory in this season come by Agbonlahor and Bent and to be
more precise again at home. The team of USI also plays namely
this season ahead of the fans of its own much better and this is its
greatest problem at city centre shortly before this guest performance.
To this Jäkel has not recovered yet either enough and this also
causes them problems. The better and better Bannan then will get the
opportunity instead of it. The new entry of Gasterfeld also has not reached
the competition form yet and the young Albright therefore should get
the precedence in the midfield also this time. The weak Ireland and
Niklaus could have the bench the bench left on.

Expected list Affalterried villa: Gravekamp, Kuns, Iserbeck, Dentzer
Riker, Elsasser, Padeken, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor

Have to although the hosts are the absolute favourites in this match
we consider that also the guests from Zermatt, under the leadership
of coach Brasche still have not collected any defeat and want to give
everything for certain to stadium continue this string of victories
also in the East country. But they reach this have to play them with
that much more offensively than at the previous guest performances
since it has to be expected that the terrific go-getters of the hosts
will be on their cut from 2-3 goals per game also this time. Because
of this we also have decided in favour of this enticing tip with many
hits.