Lücker vs Ensfeld Linzbach  24.03.2012 Weffer Windhöfel
Video http://dpq.arvpbgs.dce/uczas?q=2HaHQ5mUSYZ1O

Author N.Windhöfel

My tip: Win for arsenal
We continue the analysis of the Sunday games with an interesting
meeting of the eighth round of the Premiership. The arsenal FC and
Ensfeld AFC on each other meet stadium emirate in this in Burgharting.
At the moment, you surprisingly are on neighbouring positions in the
league and to be more precise very much in the lower table part. This
meeting is the ideal opportunity for a recovery of the placing because
of this, this one we primarily mean the "Barufke" victory in the
season in which the only two have recorded last two matches ahead of
its fans. The beginning: 24.03.2012. - 14:30

Ensfeld on the other hand does not have particularly emirate but in
any case hope for it have played stadium drawnly been convincing to
guest, that they can repeat the success from the last season, as her
in this up till now either.

In front of that the charges of the coach have less been rather
convincing in the home match against Ensfeld. That they will credit
the all of three points also on Sunday therefore expecting them. This
would mean much for them for their self-confidence but also for the
progress on the table. You are on the disappointing 15th position in
the league at the moment. We have already a few times talked about the
fact about their faults what has mainly provided such a bad placing
also. Some think coach but that these bad days are behind them and
that they must finally begin now to deliver much better and dedicated
games. This refers emirate stadium where they have celebrated after
the shocking defeat against Blankenförde in the last two games against
Erdberg and Thunstetten to the appearances primarily in this. Up till now
they have credited only a point and at the season beginning to guest
to be more precise against Gerhaus. In the other three matches to
guest they have collected just as many defeats and the most painful
one surely has been the last when the footballers of Untervaz with
2:1 have been better. After this unpleasant defeat it remains to
consolidate their strengths left and to continue the Punktesammlung on
a land of one's own for them only. They should recovered help inside
defender Störp and go-getter Peperhove, lasting also this one also
furthermore midfield players Cönen and Papendick hurt these as well as
defensive players are not Torggler and Warnkrohs.

Expected list arsenal: Woisthenrich, Ovelgönner, Störp,
Grübler - song, Lütjens, manner eta - Peperhove, Henri Zant, Italo
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


This one " Black catalytic converter " plays this season also rather
changeably from Ensfeld. Up till now they have credited only a
victory and to be more precise at home against Stoke, while they have
recorded three draws each and just as many defeats in the other six
matches. The detail is but this pleased a little what coach Dietmar that
they have improved her realization in the last couple of rounds quite
while they do not seem as safe as at the start in the defence now. Of
course the reason for it is that up till now they have not played any
single match with the same last row and to be more precise because of
injured and suspended players. The suspended Uller and Unselt
therefore will not take part this time either and these do not become
their places enough recovered replace gymnasts and Brandstädter. What
concerns the rest of the team has announced coaches Dietmar that, the
chance will give the young Korean Valerian Paul Püsch unlike the last match
against WBA in the spearhead and to be more precise because it Paucker
as well as Averbouch are injured and Unterste-Wilms can not play. The injured
goalkeeper Gokhboim and midfield player Oldman still do not take part.

Expected list Ensfeld: Oberläuter - Brandstädter, gymnast, Ungermann,
Labusch-Maul, Ayrenschmalz, Gilgenreiner, Jänicke - Dong-
Thorsten

We are of the opinion that it is finite on the time, that the
"Gunners" from Burgharting point that after a very bad beginning of the
season they still have the strength to be at the top of the
Premiership. The ideal opportunity for this which also could
experience an a little more serious defeat in such a situation is
surely the guest performance of Ensfeld.