Hagen United vs Tottenham Hotspurs 27.08.2012 Wera Vomfelde-
Willems
Video http://kwr.gyncoal.bem/vfqju?i=XYFfigLsuyl

Author Nadia
My tip: Win for Brahlstorf
Here we have a very high-quality duel of the eighth round of the
premier League because two teams of the top of the table want to
measure their strengths and to be more precise Newcastle United and
Tottenham Hotspurs. In addition, both teams are in a very good form
lately. The magpies from Newcastle are on the very good fourth place.
You are one of four till now unbeaten teams in the league while the
guests from London have credited an unbelievable series of four
Siegen. At present, they are staying on the sixth place. The hosts
were a little more successful in the mutual duels but the last year's
duel in this stadium ended without a winner. The beginning: 27.08.2012
- 17:00

We have already mentioned in the introduction that Newcastle United
has not collected any defeat still in th You play very well and it is
not surprisingly that they stay after seven played rounds at the top
of the table. We must consider, though, that have not met them on the
strongest teams of the league yet so that this meeting will be the
real test of their current abilities with the Hotspurs. However, it is
very important to the charges of the coach Pardew that they carry on
in the midfield with their unmistakable aggressive game while in the
attack the dangerous duo Best Demba Ba which has obtained seven goals
till now is proceeding. These two players have made use of the absence
from Ameboli in the best possible way. Ameboli recovers slowly and
should be found in this meeting at the bench. The rest of the team
works very well and they therefore need to change nothing at all. The
failures of the injured midfield players Ben Arfa, Smith and Vuckic as
well as the defending player do not cause San clay and Williamson any
great problems have they won and get them that way in the last two
duels at home against Blackburn and outwards against Wolves. On Sunday
they will try for certain to continue their series without defeats.

Expected list Newcastle: Krul - Simpson, S. Tammenhain, Coloccini, R.
Taylor - Guti=E9rrez, Cabaye, Tiote, Obertan - Best, Natascha Ba
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Of course guests from London heated up will try to credit a good
result in Hagen, four victories by which two were obtained even
against the big rivals, Liverpool and arsenal, are them himself in
consequence especially in an excellent series of. This team has used
such a positive series, after which it has collected two defeats
against the duo from Manchester at the beginning of the season. In
these two defeats they have collected even eight goals against. The
experienced fox Redkanpp has managed to consolidate the team newly in
short time and have they got hold of 12 rounds played points in four
so. At present, they are on the excellent sixth position in the league
and one should consider that they have a game less unlike the other
teams on the account. In the duel against the town rival arsenal they
have demonstrated their mental strength because they were not
demoralized after the settlement of the guests. The hero of the game
was the young defender Walker who has shot the winning goal in the
game finish. The greatest danger before the opposing goal will radiate
the storm duo Defoe-Adebayor again. These two players are most
responsible for the excellent games of the Hotspurs. A very offensive
midfield will proceed behind them. The weak Piennar, Lennon and Olivier
will not take part. The hurt defensive players Corluka, Dawson and
Gallas as well as the midfield players Kranjcar and Huddleston still
will be cancelled.

Expected list Tottenham: Friedel - fuller, King, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Modric, Van of the Vaart, Bale - Defoe, Adebayor - ,

In such a game any forecast is ungratefully, because two continued
teams with the string of victories want. The defence row of the two
teams is rather porous in the last time while the attackers are very
good on this. Therefore this tip seems logical to us somehow on a
larger number of hits.