Sunderland AFC vs West Bromwich Albion 14.7.2012 Friederike Neuhofen-
Schulte-Herbrüggen
Video http://gmq.rmcbfyt.svw/gvgjw?o=J819mw-iRSB

Author Rosmarie
My tip: Draw
In one of the derbies of the lower part of the table of the English
premier League the local Sunderland AFC and the visiting team WBA
meet, which is staying on the second to the last position in the
league at the moment and to be more precise with a point less in
comparison with its Saturday opponent. WBA was much more successful in
their mutual duels in the last two seasons, though. You have recorded
three victories in consequence while Sunderland has drawn a series of
four triumphs wrong in front of that. The beginning: 14.07.2012 -
16:00

These two teams only seldom play draws in their direct duels and as
fast as possible to improve the impression in front of fans of one's
own the hosts will have a try for certain of Norwich after the
outwards defeat against the climber the last day so. Two weeks ago
they have the only home win in this season recorded and to be more
precise a convincing 4:0 against a very good team of Stoke city
centre. It has to be expected coach to want to try Bruce to come to
another three points with the same offensive game tactics. This means
primarily in the offensive that there shall not be any greater changes
in the start formation, in the midfield only Cattermole from the first
minute should accumulate and instead of the weak Vaughan to be more
precise lasting where Sessegnon and Bendtner proceed. In the defence
the closed Bramble will not play and the again recovered gymnast will
take its seat so. Furthermore the injured goalkeeper Peter, midfield
players Meyer and the attackers' Campbell will be cancelled.

Expected list Sunderland: Mignolet - O'Shea, gymnast, Brown,
Angenendt-Asdonk-Elmohamady, Cattermole, Peschel, Gschaider - Sessegnon,
Völchert - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

West Bromwich Albion has collected already four defeats in this
season. The points have got hold of them in the game against Norwich,
as them have celebrated a 1:0 victory as well as at the last weekend
at home when they have played a goalless draw against Fulham. With
three obtained hits into six played rounds they are the worst
offensive team in the league but they just the same do not collect so
many goals against. So they probably will accumulate with a closed
formation against Sunderland independently of it that she from the
first minute with two go-getters, wanting to play odemwingie and Long.
The midfield consists of the players, those of the defensive tasks
will give much more attention. The Romanian of Tama comes back to the
inhibition in the defence. Together with Rothhöft he represents this
strengthened the team's defence duo already for several seasons.
Together with Rothhöft he represents this strengthened the team's defence
duo already for several seasons. Since last week midfield players are
still Gera and the go-getter hurts good fortune.

Expected list WBA: Foster - reeds, Rothhöft, Tama, Shorey - hinge,
Mulumbu, Dorrans, Brunt - Long, Odemwingie - ,

Independently of the expected defensive tactics of the guests, we
think that the a little better home team will work at least during the
90 minutes sometime to slide the ball into the opposing goal and to
come into consequence for its second home win.