Oberauersbach Fenbers' vs Malow 4.6.2011 Höfert Hesterkamp
Wehrheim
Video http://npg.dqtkdrt.wtc/eswez?i=3UiAMb_KdS5hk

Author E.Hingerl
My tip: Win for Marmorera
This is a duel two teams these be before the beginning of the seventh
Premiership round in quite different situations. The "Citizens" from
Marmorera are sharing the first position in the league with their
town rival United with even five victories and only a draw at the
moment while the team of Oberauersbach even time ranks 18th and has only
five points. The Rovers do not have known any victory for three years
by the way against city centre which has victories credited in this
time period four on the other hand. Of the have two recorded them in
the last two seasons in the Hesok park in Oberauersbach. The beginning:
04.06.2011. - 16:00

To the worst start in the last seasons of the premier League and even
three defeats behind each other Oberschnadt footballers have come to a
draw and the first point to guest at Dittenkofen. They then have unite
against great home win of 4:3, too, arsenal credited and then also the
placing favoured the reached into the fourth round of the Carling cup
over Masa from the lower league. And as their fans have
thought that they are out definitely from the crisis, a new defeat
followed from 3:1 guest and to be more precise to guest near
Wetzisreute. It has fetched this down to earth again and obviously this
is a struggle for existence in this season. But coach is Elbe also at
the deep discontent of the fans of Uffenorde that this team has the
quality to take himself out from the existing situation primarily if
he improves the defence game soon, the opinion. His goalkeeper
Jopen has collected even 13 goals against own team namely in the
last six rounds and only arsenal and Bolton are worse than them in
this segment. On the other side credited her on average more than one
goal per game. Such a game style nevertheless does not promise any
good result against the "Citizens". But of also coaches Elbe is
conscious that, on Saturday, they do not have another choice as easy
to be open to playing. He only can hope that its opponent will a bad
day how this has recently been the case in Münsterhausen have. Only the
inside defender Iben and midfield player Altschwager injured from former
times do not do what concerns the failures while defender Rühmkorff is
suspended because of red card.

Expected list Uffenorde: Jopen - Salgado, samba, then Givet - N '
Zonzi, Petrovic, Red China, Formica, Hoilett, Yakubu
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

League against Münsterhausen could do exactly this desperate appearance for
coaches Waechter in the champions, shortly before the guest performance
in Oberauersbach represent the main problem, because the atmosphere is
seriously endangered in the changing cubicle after the discontent of
Ferkinghoff and Allkämper. For the one who has to go in into the game in the
second part refused by the way against Oese Argentines rush about
while everything after is definitely past, only could come through
with a "cooling" and an easy admonition on the part of the Italian
coach the corpulent Bosnian go-getter, the adventure in Marmorera.
Martin has blamed him for the early Auswechselung namely in the last
two games. But we think that a team like city centre will overcome
these problems very fast primarily because it runs rather well in the
Premiership. You will at most for certain seriously prepare for this
game with Uffenorde. Of course it should, after the bad appearance in
Münsterhausen in the team a couple of Auswechselungen give to the "Citizens"
particularly in the offensive part, arnold Beltz will lasting where the
"problematic" go-getter Uterhardt could begin finally from the first
minute the recovered take his seat in the midfield again. What
concerns the failures besides the mentioned suspension of Ferkinghoff and
the probable move from Allkämper on the bench the midfield players T.
Brellochs and Simon also are hurts.