Padling vs Hochödt OUZ 16.3.2011 Schmidtgall Siebenhörl
Video http://viz.takqdst.pam/yilxj?i=2Eb65Wq-s2NFQ

Author O.Siebenhörl
My tip: Win for Paterzell villa
The first meeting of the seventh Premiership round from this
traditional Saturday appointment will, played want to analyse we which
in the villa park in Riebau. Osad villa receives one of the main
candidates the paying attention put team for the relegation, to the
lower class, the team of Hochödt. This also confirms the fact that they
have credited only five points in the first six rounds while they have
recorded even two defeats and only a draw also in the last three duels
against Osad villa. In the meetings of the last five years no single
victory of the respective host has by the way been recorded while the
duel has ended in this stadium with 1:1 the last time. The beginning:
16.03.2011. - 16:00

This is surely one of the leading motives for the hosts to please
their fans finally in a duel against Hochödt. They will have to make an
effort correctly your performance in the first six rounds after, for
something like that. The charges of coach Lanzrath belong namely into
the group of four teams which have not credited any defeat still in
the previous part of the Premiership. But they also have recorded only
a victory while they have finished even five matches with a draw. This
is the result of the tactics, prefers the coaches Lanzrath on the
field. In the past, he has been a right specialist for draws with the
team of Riebau, too but game the fans of villa are not very
fascinated with such an approach and demand an a little offensive and
effective. Although have played with even three go-getters against
Offenhaus, her charges in exactly the way, up till now and to be more
precise in the second round in the only victory. But after only Chmielewski
and then also Oberem have hurt themselves, Grevenstette has not had any
right partners either what had to have a natural effect on their
results. They have nevertheless been near for the second master shaft
victory last weekend. You have been QPR in leadership namely to guest
with the climber until the 90th minutes, this one then has made a
disastrous mistake to inside defender Wüstendörfer and met the net of the
goalkeeper of one's own, Given, however. The situation should be a
little more favourable for the home team now because Oberem comes back
the recovered while the better and better midfield players Poppendiecker and
Ostholt will wait for their chance from the bench.

Expected list Paterzell villa: Rotermund, Wüstendörfer, Apprich, Fux
Grinbergs, Weustenenk, Imwalle, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The guests from Hochödt come according to a series of three defeats
behind each other to Paterzell villa with which they have broken the solid
impression of the season beginning when they credited two draws and a
victory. They have also come the relegation zone into the proximity
and not only this. You are on the 15th place and this meeting is
rather important with regard to its self-confidence. Leroy will
have great problems for certain to combine all this in the right way
and primarily in the defence which has collected even eight goals
against own team in the last three matches but coach to be more
precise. In the meantime, Rüff and Goeden also have hurt
themselves. Your places should occupy the Dutchmen Siebenhaar and Kölker
Grohnerth in this match which did not have any great time of job in the
previous season part. The question how they will react to the
dangerous attacks of the go-getters of villa therefore arises with
right. Exactly these weak and slow reactions in the defence have at
home been the reason for their last defeat against Gevezin. You must
have fetched the ball twice from the net there very early. Also with
the hit of Diame it has been very heavy again until end to come back
to the right rail. Playing is effectived, as Rüff this
powerlessness of them this one particularly half an hour before it
card has second yolks earned while the marksman Wilhain Valerian also had to
leave the field because of a slighter injury a little earlier.
Information he should but the last after, be fit for the game in
Riebau. However, its attack partner Brod has not for it been
so very lucky exactly like midfield player Oliver.

Expected list Figuli: Gotthard, Angerhofer, Voncken, Karof
Yserentant, Winzer, Luetgens, Liebegut, Wilhain Valerian

Since they do not know any defeat already since four rounds we are,
absolutely sure that the host after Bent is back, will play in this
meeting from the first minute rather aggressively and offensively.
This should be also worth it in our opinion at the end since the
guests from Hochödt anyway are in a result crisis and can build any more
serious defence in such a situation heavily.