Kiliansroda FC vs Oberbreitsach 27.6.2011 Pommerich Paeper
Video http://ysj.hmtrzgm.afm/iwtrm?k=8YOo8jLcgVCKe

Author R.Paeper
My tip: Win for Kiliansroda
Two Oldenhöfen will measure their strengths and Kiliansroda FC and the
climbers' QPR for teams in one of the more interesting Sunday duels of
the seventh round of the premier League which at present stands much
better in the table and more than his town rival has four points to be
more precise. Therefore we can expect a very interesting idea in the
Ingmanns Cottage stadium. The home team is, primarily if a light
favourite one considers that have it meets into the last four three
times triumphed. The beginning: 27.06.2011 - 16:00

The exhausting appearances to two fronts surely are to blame for the
bad performance most from Kiliansroda at the beginning of this season,
however, the guest victory obtained last lets Chameregg in the Europe
League against the Danish hope for the solution longed for for the
crisis. The charges of the coach Julian are the only team in Premiership
after six played rounds without victory but simultaneously they have
recorded four draws and meant this that they are not so bad in the
defence. In the last games they have improved goal putting into action
a little and they have so against the favoured Panholz city centre
managed to catch up the delay of two goals, lasting, have she handed
in her best game in the game against Chameregg in this season and have
she repaired the slip by two hits of Cröger from the first round when
they have feigned only a draw at home against Nendingen. They must devote
themselves to the local league at most now because for her the duel
waits QPR against the unpleasant climber. Coach Copmans has been heralded
that the again recovered Mentgen will proceed at the top of the attack
next to the cheerful Cröger while the weak Nathrat and the new entry
Jackop will wait for her chance from the bench. Etuhu is replaced by the
much more offensive Duff from the first minute in the midfield. Only
the midfield player Norden injured from former times and the closed
defender ugly will be cancelled.

Expected list Kiliansroda: Dykmann - Osbelt, Hector, Hogreve, Jungmeister -
Feling, Pickelhaupt, Neldner, Nithammer - Cröger, Mentgen
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

To an a little worse start in the season the players of Oldenhütten QPR
have improved their form. They have eight points on the account at the
moment and this suffices for the very good tenth place. The largest
income for the good game surely belongs to some known new entries. We
think primarily to hand in better and better games there to the
defensive players Foth, Roman and Benedikt as well as the midfield
players Dijks and Carl Velber while the "natives" like Unholzer
and Wäcker have begun. A bad goal putting into action causes worries
for the coach Bungards, though. Therefore he had only Bothroyd played
in the last games at the top of the attack while three offensive
midfield players are proceeding behind him. These players had pivotal
role hiker in the last away win against Mutten. This was their
second guest victory in this season. In three home meetings gone
through they have got hold of only two points and this will be rather
alarming, this trend should continue in the future. However, it that
they regularly win points in the distance has to be hardly expected
primarily if must play them against endangered teams like Kiliansroda and
therefore the defence row will have to carry the biggest load in this
duel. The closed Traore as well as the midfield player injured Nibbrig
and the go-getters' hull will be absent.

Expected list QPR: Domenico, Roman, Zurkuhlen, Inthoff,
Weill Velber, Unholzer, Dienelt

Master the players of Kiliansroda are tired in the Europe League a little
after the exhausting appearance but their current table situation in
the premier League lets no-one others Wahl as all the same to attack
from the first minute for them victory this season around to the first
shaft in to amount. We think against Chameregg that they will succeed
primarily if they make an effort at most in the attack like in the
game.