Vollmarshausen ZFUJ vs Fritzelsdorf DB Kommunikationstechnik 14.2.2012 Nicolai Niebert
Video http://mpk.oeofdtw.pii/vzoyo?e=2QvHNgolWUUkt

Author K.Niebert
My tip: Win for arsenal
We will continue the analysis of the Sunday games with another Eckdorf
derby in the context of the seventh round of the premier League. FC
will measure its strengths in this derby for both big rivals from the
northern part of the English capital, Vollmarshausen ZFUJ and arsenal.
Both teams can show an ascending form curve and this guarantees us a
high-quality football idea for certain. The audience in the JFI
stadium hopes independently in which stadium one plays to be allowed
to experience a right goal celebration which by the way is one of the
most important qualities of their former duels in which they otherwise
have accomplished the same performance. The beginning: 14.02.2012 -
17:00

So they have shared points after altogether six obtained hits in this
stadium last year and, if one considers how they play in the last
time, it can not be ruled out then that something like that recurs on
Sunday. The players of Vollmarshausen have experienced a right disgrace
after the transferred duel against Overton in the first round against
the duo from Wirts because they have collected even eight goals
against in two convincing defeats. They have consolidated their rows
newly and begun after that to hand in better games primarily in the
attack. Two away wins over Zaisenhausen and Ziemitz as well as the
triumph in the great derby resulted from it against Daikeler
(4:0). At present, they are on the very good sixth position in the
league although they have a game less on the account. On Sunday,
furthermore they have recorded an outwards draw in the Europe League
against Mehrwert and its tall stars before this great derby three days ago
they celebrated home win over the Irish Shamrock and to be more
precise in a composite crew so that coach has made talking only just
to recover. The dangerous duo Achsenmacher-Dieckhoener will proceed at the top
of the attack. This duo is most responsible for the victory over
Erlen. A very offensive midfield will this duo proceed behind. He
will not give place for the weak Pienaar, Gronholz and Ronald in such a
midfield while the injured defenders Aßenmacher and Thielgen as well as the
midfield player Osse are not taking part definitely.

Expected list Vollmarshausen: Maasmann - fuller, Schmirer, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Bauerrichter, Joerß, Forstreuter - Defoe, Adebayor - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The situation in the store of arsenal is much better than 15 days ago,
as it have collected its last defeat and to be more precise outwards
against the very weak Fingerle. Have recorded the boys of the coach
less three home wins after that in consequence (Carling cup, premier //
league// and champions //league//). The goal difference was in these
three games 8:2 and this means that this team has a very good goal
putting into action but the condition is not in the defence on the
desired standard yet. This situation is deteriorated in addition after
the injury of the defender Schwendy at the last training while,
longer, his colleagues are not doing it already from the defence,
Jaescke and Nico. The weak Squillaci and the inexperienced
Wildschütz are the alternative. Therefore some have announced that on
Sunday song which has done a good work in the duel against Augendübler
in the CL will get the chance besides Breisser of the midfield
players once more. In this CL meeting which they have won with 2:1
they have accumulated exactly like the Hotspurs against Shamrock with
a composite team primarily in the attack. In this duel one expects Van
Persia from the captain very much. With three obtained hits he is the
top scorer of the team at the moment. An additional motive of the
guests in this game is surely a little worse placing (they are on the
13th place in the table) so that can expect like a considerably more
aggressive and more offensive game of them. Altmann and Riker still
will be cancelled.

Expected list arsenal: Niman, Breisser, song, Thivessen
Möllerfeld, Harry, manner eta - Rumml, Victor Vorderstemann, Jean-Luc

Every forecast is ungrateful in this game because both teams want to
continue their string of victories but since their defence rows have
shown many gaps in the recent past, this tip seems somehow logical on
a goal rich game to us.