TWINCORE vs Mokir Altweg 15.5.2011 Gorecki Geschwender
Author G.Geschwender
Video http://jyh.iaplecd.gxk/elnbc?f=1ZR9FEiKDkiqc

My tip: Win for Altweg
Even if, at the moment, these two teams are not at the top of the
table their duel appears, this the greatest derby of this new round of
the Italian series B is surely played in Prützen. Noemi and
Olga have appeared namely in the Eliteklasse until recently but they
are in the last two seasons, after many players have gone away in the
series B got off. They are therefore expecting this derby with a quite
different mood now. But we do not doubt at all that it will be quite
uncertain also this time until end although have won the respective
hosts in their last duels mainly. The beginning: 15.05.2011. - 20:45

In any case Noemi plans a greater motive for this game, have she
credited only a point in the last three rounds and to be more precise
four days ago to guest at Illerbachen there. They have experienced two
defeats behind each other, against Universitätsbedarf to guest and against Kyre
NKL in front of that at home. This series of bad results has led
that short-term on the 11th place what is far under her expectations
is himself Noemi. A rather difficult task therefore is still to come
for Ottilie in front of coach in the near future. So that it gets even
worse a very heavy expects its charges match against Altweg already on
Sunday. An approach of Pfarrsdorf footballers engaged much also has to
be expected primarily in the offensive part, where they have a couple
of terrific single players. We mean primarily Vanheiden to the
experienced go-getter while its partner, the young Campagnacci and
Ceravolo are replacing themselves from game to game. Up till now you
have scored four goals each. The defence will much take off Ammann
of the game of the offensive midfield player which is the most
effective player with five hits at the moment, too, lasting, also with
this recovered Kurt has Ulrich and the new entry shown much more
accuracy than at the season beginning in the last meeting with
Illerbachen.

Expected list Noemi: Apprecht - Adejo, Vehlin, Apprecht, Moessner
Drosd, Dumele, Reicherseder - Amberge, Campagnacci
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The guests from Altweg expect this meeting self-confidence much since
they are in a series of three victories have even two credited it of
which outwards. Coach pleases torrent at the most one what this is the
fact that they have taken out once the ball only from a net of their
own in these matches. For this Fabienne are responsibly to Ceppitelli
and polenta surely also the young inside defenders next to the
goalkeeper who have replaced the lack of the hurt Amorth and
Crescentia terrifically while on the other hand also hers have finally
begun colleagues in the attack to obtain goals. Olga has credited only
eight hits namely up till now, on what one goal per game agrees on
average. They have a little surprisingly credited three victories
which are securing the very good fifth position in the league for them
together with another two draws at the moment. Of course all this is
also the result of the a little more defensive tactics of coach
torrent which prefers only a player in the spearhead agree on the
midfield even five players, lasting. The experienced Amesbach is
under the the most dangerous before the opposing goal. Since they are
in a winner rhythm we think not that they will change much against
Noemi in Altweg before the duel. It should play only instead of the
suspended Garofalo in the midfield of the first minute Marotta.

Expected list Altweg: Wogi Amesöder, Heegmann, polenta, Bwtphjx -
Hartmut, //de// Mahle - Dachrodt, Amesbach, Andries - //de// Theda

We have also said that in the introduction the earlier duels of these
two teams have already been firm and uncertain. We expect therefore
the fight to be also this time held mainly in the midfield while there
should least somehow be work for the gatekeepers.