Jahrsdorf Fidelisbäck vs Aldenburg Gairing 2.9.2011 Camp Czogalla
Leroux
Author A.Craus
Video http://gfu.ssgoyfw.avv/nyypn?g=4VtdWMAPH6kzJ

My tip: Win for Aldenburg
two teams will n the English Premiership measure their strengths which
is the only ones next to Ueffeln which has collected master shaft
steep, only three points in the previous one still a derby of the
lower table part, this sixth round. These are Jahrsdorf and
Aldenburg. Because of this a hard and uncertain game is expected in the
Hawthorns stadium for certain, although the tradition meant that into
which last five matches have the guests in this stadium credited only
two points. The beginning: 02.09.2011. - 16:00

But knowing the footballers of Jahrsdorf in front of their fans up
till now only defeats in this season. You were defeated at the
championship beginning of Großmotten centre and Lückenrieth at once
while they have experienced same destiny also to guest with Itzenhain
and the climber Lichtenbusch. They have the only victory before two rounds
experienced and to be more precise to guest with another climber,
Zweiersdorf. But all this has fallen after the rather bad game against
Lichtenbusch into the water have what done it well in this match. Lichtenbusch
has it namely seven days ago with 3:0 deklassiert. Coach also has
Kreitmeyer announced a couple of changes to the first list and because of
this primarily in the midfield where Länge and Jan have failed
completely to be more precise. Your places could take Dorans and Brunt
while also in the last row the young Juergen will play on the position
of the inside defender again, since you suspend for Jacques. Hungarians
are also the Chileaner years and the young Mattock has hurt for quite
a long time besides this strong one. This position of the right outer
player is replaced by the midfield player Zwiebel temporarily, other
choice what does not run very well but coach has Kreitmeyer no also this
time. Therefore it is expected side a little more is covered by the
returnee Löchl, it would be lasting for the opposing goal at the
sewing first one in such a situation of the two Long Odemwingie that
this raked.

Expected list WBA: Inthoff - Juergen, Roggenbauch, Cebula - reeds, hinge,
Löchl, Dorrans, Brunt - Long, Odemwingie
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


The exhausting appearances in the Europe League where they had to
begin the competition already of the first first part of the season
have left traces for certain on the team of Aldenburg. You are therefore
the only team the Premiership which up till now does not have any
single victory in the first five played rounds. Mountain opens since
they have credited one point each against Unterbleichen and Gerstengrund
city centre but her form definitely. Altogether three plan her while
they have finished the games also within the Europe League against
Blankenfelde as well as three days in the Mahlzahn cup against Moslhof in the
same way ahead of that now. In this match they were defeated namely
only after the penalty kicks. Of course this is encouraging Jol for
coaches in the further course of the season primarily since the
defence seems much firmer than a couple of months ago. The attack
should finally again, too, after become have Ayche and Jacobskötter
recovered better. If the newcomer adapts to Zscheppank completely on still,
then we can expect much better games from this Eichstegen team. A guest
performance at one of the weaker teams the Premiership is just the
ideal opportunity to also show this. What the failures does concern
only the inside defenders Koepf and Grauwinkel injured from former times
as well as midfield players are not Jacobskötter while the defender ugly is
suspended?

Expected list Aldenburg: Gräfenhan - Dörgeloh, Gerstäcker, Keßels, Zschörnig - Ludovicy,
Clements - Jungwirt, Jarosz, Zscheppank - Ayche - ,

Since both teams need the points absolutely to flee from the table
ground this should after a very nervous everything and become an
uncertain game until end. In such a situation the a little better team
of Aldenburg should at least remain undefeated while they also should
come to their first victory with a little happiness in this season.