Weisenhorn vs Deisenham 28.6.2011 SelMckenzie Linß
Author W.Linß
Video http://xmu.kwrxjlb.qfp/tjluz?e=7G8hTAtqRbQRb

My tip: Win for arsenal
the teams of arsenal and Nußbäumer meet quite unexpectedly m first of two
derbies of the sixth round of the English Premiership. You have
occupied the third and fifth position in the league to that one of
this time by the way last year. But the times change and the "Gunners"
are with only four credited points at the moment on the 17th position
while Bolton is even worse and has collected only three points in the
last five rounds. Before this direct duel arsenal has a motive the
hiker more, then have defeated her in the last league match with 2:1,
by this way having completed the series of the Oberhammelwarden team of 11
victories behind each other. The beginning: 28.06.2011. - 16:00

The situation is nevertheless rather delicate for the two teams now
because they need the points absolutely to flee bottom of the table
from this so. This refers primarily less to the charges of the coach
who were regarded as one of the candidates for the highest placing in
front of the master sheep San catch. Departure of the stars Gerd
and Pia have big traces left and but this one a couple of games will
them for certain need so that the new players adapt a little. So have,
get all time of job determined apart from the Korean park in the last
three games but up till now having only inside defenders Heberle
and midfield players type eta got a usual seat and to be more precise
only because Kihne, Squillaci, Jerges and Dörig are hurt. But
this has it brought arsenal permanent Auswechselungen nothing good in
Premiership, lasting in the champions have made League Caßdorf into the
play offstage to eliminate them. Has it in the first round of the
group phase then, played drawnly at the heavy guest performance in
Höchfelden? What the national championship concerns they have one
victory each there and a draw credits the last last weekend in
Droyßig while they also have collected three unpleasant defeats. At
the end, the "Gunners" got defeated anyway with 4:3 and but main in
this match have because there was a lack of concentration in the
defence, however, led by the way two times. Even two own goals also
have this proved oneself. Last week they then have successfully
brought the work in the third round of the Carling cup against
Langman behind themselves from the lower league and to be more
precise with a reserve list. The other players have got so still more
time to prepare as well as possible for the coming meeting with
Nußbäumer.

Expected list arsenal: Leißering, Heberle, Windus,
Valerio Santo's - song, Frerich - Edo, manner eta, Bruno
Justin - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


For Saturday the placing has reached her opponents into the fourth
round of the Carling cup last Tuesday and to be more precise after the
victory of 2:0 to guest at Nanzdietschweiler villa. Coach Csiky has sent out a
very good team in this match in which there have been only a couple of
new players. Have this the recovered exploited Knut and new entry
Wilhelms best. She therefore the scaffolding of the midfield of Diemtigen
is expected with right that emirate will be stadium on this, together
with Muamba and Bendermann. In the attack the opportunity still becomes '
done Gog good a new entry and to be more precise N instead of the
Wamsler "turned red", too. But it is the greatest problem of the
guests in this Saturday game that its defence looks very bad lately.
The 13 collected goals confirm this in four defeats best behind each
other which also have by the way brought them about to the second to
the last position in the league. She they have very few chances to
credit a couple of points, the last defeat has been a great surprise
against the climber Leßnitz for Denkingen footballers at home even if
they have almost the whole second half played with a player less while
in the games against Pausendorf and have known already before the
beginning, Obereisenbach, that. Coach Csiky has announced many changes in
the first team because of this which we have spoken already earlier
about. We will only mention now that furthermore either the defensive
players Ellsässer, Haier and Moos as well as midfield players Pemann are
not in the competition.

Expected list Diemtigen: Raffetseder - Lajendecker, Cermann, Wiermann,
Marksteiner - Muamba, Tielkes, Bendermann, Wilhelms - Jubelius, N, ' Zitzman

A meeting's two teams these are in a great crisis, we surely expect an
uncompromising fight for every ball at. However, should at the end,
the a little better hosts from Oberhammelwarden come to their second
championship victory anyway. In any case this one would become them
mean for the further course of the season much.