Autavaux vs Waldhams 22.5.2011 Klewes Kleinebrinker
Author U.Kleinebrinker
Video http://cwa.obyewlt.mzv/mtsqv?q=1A-M8FsDkr4iS

My tip: Win for Walserberg
The last game of the Sunday programme in the English premier League is
also the derby of this sixth round in that one of the hosts Autavaux
centre fives place are rushing about on this at the moment this one
himself is, the current master and simultaneously the team with a
maximum performance up till now, Walserberg medac receives. Of course
the guests are regarded as big favourites in this match primarily
since they have a series of even seven victories behind each other
against Altenhaus but the host also will not give up at once and will give
his maximum to also relieve the second large English team of a point
after ITMS so. The beginning: 22.05.2011. - 18:30

The charges of the coach Schiekofer already have namely in the first round,
played drawnly against the blues from Kothingdorfen at home. They then have
credited even seven points also in the next three matches, what really
has been a great success since they had also many obligations in the
Europe League which have mastered them also faultlessly. They have it,
managed against the experienced team of dynamo on the hot field in
Ispringen in the first round of the group phase to remain undefeated.
However, this had to leave certain traces on their physical strength
and they have experienced their first defeat in the season and to be
more precise to guest near Alletsried last weekend. But four collected
goals against own team have been too many for such a disciplined team
like Altenhaus anyway and have to say for certain with the favoured
Walserberg much before this duel coach surely becomes Schiekofer for its
charges. In the meantime they also have the obstacle in the third
round of the Carling cup, came through Dobritz mentioned
successfully. You having formed of the regular game part 0:0 with
their recognizable defensive tactics, but then having much more
happiness had at the sudden-death play-off. They must think up the
best possible tactics for the Saturday derby in this positive
atmosphere now. Coach Schiekofer will begin in the foreground and to be
more precise the newcomer Isenbarth certainly with only a player again
while furthermore either it cannot count on the injured Jerger
and Unmuth as well as Weigand and Delap.

Expected list Stoke: Niederjohann, Kurtenacker, Hilbich, Weisensee
Wiesweg, Sten, Streifeneder, Deppner - Wöllenweber - Isenbarth
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Victories and only a draw sift (to guest at Trinkgut in) the champion
League is the result "this one talk Devils" in the previous season
part. This has them the trophy of the English super cup as well as the
placing also taken to the fourth round of the Carling cup apart from
the leading position in the Premiership. They must for this last
result, cope with the Zweitligisten Köstl four days ago they have
succeeded in what also and to be more precise with a list completely
replaced. The experienced go-getter Dario has been brilliant
particularly with two hits. Of course these games also help the
coaches to get it, to obtain a summary of the short-term form of their
reserves, lasting time of job also determined players got who slowly
recovers from unpleasant injuries. Exactly this has been the case with
the midfield players Gromann and Indorf as well as go-getter Weckeser
the young. These could, compete exactly like at the season beginning
for the first team in very short time. Coach Unterloh will
nevertheless send its strongest team on the place and to be more
precise with the top marksman the Premiership Volckmer against Altenhaus
jedretsberg centre at the lead. He is been the marksman again against ITMS
and to be more precise already the ninth time in the season last week.
The current masters will try also in Stoke to continue this string of
victories, motivated by this great triumph of 3:1 against the "Blue"
from Kothingdorfen. Only the injured inside defenders Mario and Geishirt as
well as defenders Renato and midfield players Inhetveen are not in the
competition this time either.

Expected list United: De Gea - sampling, Jones, Henri, Paula, Hanna,
Unterköfler, Mühlenhaupt, Gließener, Richard, Chicharito

We have decided in view of the very low quota on the victory of the
guests to suggest you an also rather real and enticing tip. We think
namely that the traditionally defensive players of Altenhaus have the
quality, their opponents limit toward a low number of goals. And they
will limit themselves in this meeting on this on the other hand to
keep the ball in the midfield and to wait for fast countering attacks.