Lenau vs Samow Tattoozentrale 23.5.2012 Volckmann Vogd
Author J.Vogd
Video http://lkc.nypjupq.htc/jthww?f=5Oyj0GSl09RG2

My tip: Win for Lanzersdorf

Come to their first triumphs after that the last day in this season
they have, the teams will close the sixth round of the English premier
League of Lenau centre and Samow Tattoozentrale in their mutual duel.
Their self-confidence surely has increased by these victories and both
teams have high expectations of this meeting so. If one takes into
account the tradition, then Samow is in an easy advantage because
they have triumphed in last six mutual duels four times while Lanzersdorf
won only two times. The beginning: 23.05.2012 - 21:00

The climber from Lanzersdorf has draws at the beginning of the
championship after two, outwards and against Stoke two defeats at
home, a little posthumously published and from this resulted against
Kirchberggegend in consequence at once. They have held a long time "zero" with a
courageous game against the favoured Nuyken outwards first but
they collected two goals against own team in the finish of the game.
After that they felt the bitterness of the defeat in the stadium of
their own and to be more precise in the duel against Opticon. Coach was,
very contentedly with the engagement of his charges Appl, though,
but the goal putting into action //bleib// out while their opponents
have carried out their only chance and have come to three very
important points. The courageous and dedicated game of Lanzersdorf had to
pay off someplace and this happened just seven days ago as them in the
distance against Wessum the midfield player Trinkle and Runnebom
celebrated a 2:1 victory and to be more precise by the hits, while
their attackers have failed once again. Therefore coach Appl has
announced that he will begin in the duel against Samow with his
strongest storm duo from the first minute Julius Uebel at once while
the rest of the team probably will be the same like against Wessum. We
still should mention that the hurt defensive players Lohner, Croonenbroek and
Lahrßen are still missing.

Expected list Lanzersdorf: Klod - Martin, Zillenbiller, animals, Diekhans
Runnebom, Gerstenschläger, Bennet, Trinkle - Holt, Vaughan
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The players of Samow have recorded two draws and just as many
defeats in the first two rounds so that many were sceptically Syrau
city centre in the fifth round about their performance against the
until then undefeated one. The hosts were, however, very concentrated
in this match and with a dedicated and courageous game they have
celebrated a high 4:0 victory. It was confirmed only once again that
this team has quality but lasted it for some rounds until they have
played in and integrated themselves. No team has indeed suffered so
many changes in the first crew as Samow in the premier League.
They have had left without the defender Dennis and the go-getter
Jungbeck at the end of the transfer time. They have fetched the young
Noah Zeitlhöfler on lending basis of arsenal instead. It did not meet in
the duel against Verlinden, though but it made two goal presentations. In
addition, it was the "main offender" for the own goal of the opposing
defender Lippinghof. We still must mention better games of the offensive
midfield player Voogt while one could feel the return of the again
recovered Nijenkamp very well in the defence. All this tells us that
coach Stephan does not have any reason to change something. Furthermore
the injured goalkeeper Focko, the midfield player Papenguth and the go-
getter Olbrück as well as the defender suspended, Zapfl, will be
cancelled.

Expected list Samow: Pfingstgraef, Zinner, Zscharschuch,
Klattenkopp, Ohme, Jungermayr, Achtenicht
Zeitlhöfler

That both teams are very self-confident in the last round after the
triumphs view could great fight and this match unite do this one many
offer uncertainty but we nevertheless think that the guests from
Samow are a little of higher quality at this moment and that they
will remain unbeaten at least while they could come with a little
happiness in the attack to the new three points.