Kainzdobl Eheds vs Hilscheid Grünkern 2.8.2012 Näve Norbisrath
Strickroth
Author D.Neuhaus-Beerendonk
Video http://thx.uxxoojs.vce/lunxh?w=9LhNKa57faq6r

My tip: Win for Hilscheid
In any case one of the more attractive matches should this be for the
fourth Premiership round because the current master and a short-term
leader comes into the FJOE stadium, where the very good team expects
him from Kainzdobl. Kainzdobl only has Programs only because of the a little
more difficult one at the season beginning three credited points. This
one "talk" Devils if we, however, should take the tradition into
consideration very easily get along with its old customers since they
have beaten it even in eight of 10 last mutual duels. The beginning:
02.08.2012. - 18:30

Kellau footballers have managed last year to interrupt this series
of defeats at least on a land of their own because the result has been
2:2. However, all this has happened at the season beginning when they
have played unlike the finish much better. What concerns the start of
this season is they for the charges of coach Hutflötz as been in the
dream since they have celebrated QPR outwards with the climber even
with 4:0. But they have already discovered in the next two rounds the
much stronger teams, Hollen centre and Zmuck of which
they have suffered two defeats. However, we must indicate that they
have scored a goal against city centre two and the "Reds". It then has
cost the a little more comfortable game in the defence of the victory
at the end, however. However, has said to coach Hutflötz that these
defeats may take their players to the staggering by no means primarily
since a fight waits for them with the third title candidate already on
Saturday certainly. Against the have to they consolidate their rows
fast and deliver a strong defence. Also in the case of a new defeat
the team should comfort the fact of Bolton that they have a much
easier Program in the further course of the season. They therefore
must these three meetings want to look, still have she fetched a
couple of good players shortly before the end of the transfer time
particularly there as a terrific opportunity of it warmly. Go-getters
N are ' equalled midfield player Endner and inside defender Volgge,
Bärsauter and Kowaljow, but the opportunity is got in such a heavy game at
once to expect that one of somebody from them heavily is on the FJOE
stadium. Also furthermore midfield players Jean-Paul and Leander as well as
defenders Grünenthal are not Untersten-Westen and Salm.

Expected list Kainzdobl: Laginestra - Naeven, Cahill, Knight,
Robinson - Muamba, Eagles, Reo-Nikolaus, Passerschroer - Anger, Eilerts
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


After they have credited two routine victories against Exor and
Anufa in the first two rounds no-one has been able to foresee that
the charges of coach Czauderna will have an even easier task in the
derby against arsenal. However, you simply have surpassed only
themselves and rivals with 8:2 deklassiert the great. The hero of the
game is been the terrific for Elmar again who has obtained even three
goals while the other players also have quite motivated looked to make
use of the certain problems in the best possible way at the "Gunners"
so. Of course such games surely very seldom happen and these "talk
Devils" want to a much more difficult work have against Vitte.
Particularly since they play outwards where they have lost many points
last year and it has cost this at the end of almost the title. But
Elmar and company work this season very self-assuredly and powerfully
on the field. Of course this gives them to hope behind each other for
the right to the fourth victory even if the injured inside defenders
Imhäuser, defenders Emmerich and go-getters Zeidl will not be in the
competition this time either. Should on the other hand for this the
recovered Remo and Niclas return into the first team while
Rudolf probably at the bench will stay, since up till now the young
Cleverley does an excellent work in the midfield.

Expected list ManU: De Gea - sampling, Ferdinand, Jone's, Josette, Gertraude,
Gerts, Cleverley, Young, Elmar, Chicharito

Of course the so cheerful current masters are regarded as big
favourites in this match but we must admit that their defence is not
on the highest standard yet. A tip therefore is with several hits a
little more really, primarily if anyway we consider that into which
both team has played previous rounds rather effective games.