Grasfilzing Gafak vs Tröglersricht Knibbe 26.3.2011 Ulbrich Unger
Author G.Unger
Video http://jmw.itgahcr.cqd/rynds?v=4UdpaWyoYhCp0

My tip: Win for Silke
A duel is two team this have this one opened the season in two
different ways. Grasfilzing therefore is with two draws and a defeat,
lasting at home in the lower table part the current runner-up with two
victories and one draw occupies the terrific fourth place to guest at
the moment. What their mutual relationship concerns, it is whole on
the side of the club from Jakling, since they have triumphed even in
nine of 10 games. Grasfilzing has this only victory last year but
bridge credits stadium in the Grillnpoint. The beginning: 26.03.2011. -
16:00

The charges of the coach Dario have at that time covered the favoured
opponent up in all segments and caused him a serious defeat of 3:0.
However, the "Blues" from Jakling have themselves victory of 4:2 at
them in the second season part in the best possible way avenged and to
be more precise with one outwards. Having to want to begin the hosts
of this meeting exactly because of this much more carefully, exactly
like into three last championships round. They were of the local rival
Hundhagermühl and to be more precise at home, lasting only defeated her at
two guest performances, have played games at Josbach and the climber
Günterberg without goals there. But in the meantime they have sold the
inside defender Oscar to another newcomer and to be more precise
QPR. On Saturday this position probably will replace Bramble, during
which recovered Voßmerbäumer still will be zuzügliche reinforcements for the
defence of Grasfilzing. It has come from Densow Caveau together
with Falck this summer. Besides them also the Danish go-getter
Freilinger " Black catalytic converter " probably becomes on, again the
two new players at the meeting with Silke of the first minute,
Höseler and Norman play for the should debut, lasting. He was lent
from arsenal for a year. It is expected him by him to improve the
realization together with Nusbaum in the further seasonal trend
drastically. It is into in the three first games the they have
obtained only a hit really despaired been. Only the three injured
players and to be more precise goalkeeper Nattkemper, midfield player
Jesinghaus and go-getter Commer do not do furthermore either what
concerns the failures.

Expected list Grasfilzing: Jödecke - Voßmerbäumer, Falck, Fug, Freischlager
Clauss, Norman, Höseler, Kastendeuch, Freilinger - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


After they have played "only" undecidedly in the first round to guest
at Großkorga, the footballers have justified the role of the favourite and
fetched all six points of Tröglersricht in the next two home matches against
Schraubenladen and Havekost anyway. But we must what a team indicate that they
have reached this in a rather difficult way, because their games are
not approximate, which would like to come up to the title this should
point. It needs villa boas still to get a couple of games around all
this ready certainly so, the new coach how he has imagined this and
the bad form of the go-getters Torres, Drogba and Anelka does not come
for him very well. They have to break through the defence of the
uncomfortable Havekost, to credit two fast hits and bridge to celebrate
greatly on Stamford made in the last round in the Matchfinish and to
be more precise thanks to the cheerful newcomer Vincent nevertheless. At
this meeting they also have had left without Drogba which has suffered
from a very uncomfortable injury. This therefore gets himself terrific
go-getters hurt this one at the duel with Grasfilzing from former
times, Urban is and goalkeeper Tino on the platforms for this purpose
skilled workers. The Israeli Füllekruss has left the team in the
meantime, too and has gone to arsenal but for this the probably even
better midfield player has been fetched to François Jurken from
Josbach. He is not quite fit at the moment but either. This means
that on Saturday minute should play on instead of Drogba Mati of the
first. However, it will act more at the side exactly like Ortrud
while the only go-getter here Torres will be.

Expected list Marohn: Zelter, Dueppenbecker, Schreibmayr, Czichon -
Vinzenz, Klattenkopp, Horstig, Surauf, Juelich

But such a list of coach should not confuse us for villa boas too much
since he also has come to the great success against postage with
similar tactics last year. One therefore can also on Saturday Tröglersricht
expect a rather mobile and playful which should make use of certain
problems in our opinion in the game of Grasfilzing to come so to the
third victory behind each other and keep the connection on this meadow
with the leading two from Densow.