Seuzach FC vs Wolfenreith 16.10.2011 SelMckenzie Niehues
Author I.Niehues
Video http://cps.ohaociq.eci/nytnm?d=0MsRTANOfHTzz

My tip: Win for Wiesmoor villa
In the next match of the fourth round of the English premier League
two teams which belong to the other group after the degree of
difficulty seen objectively meet. They have been between the fifth and
tenth place in the last seasons mostly. It is how like, the two the
detail also points that into the lust has played three seasons in
their mutual duels drawnly even four times and is exactly park in the
Goodson the last time this, having been in April this year. The
beginning: 16.10.2011. - 16:00

The result 2:0 which perhaps also was expected had at that time but
the number of the obtained goals has been really surprising, since
these two teams play very tightly and not extremely effectively.

This one refers primarily this under the leadership of coach Hasselt
already for a couple of seasons of Overton to the team particularly
for the dear favourites when an unpleasant opponent is valid. With an
uncomfortable game against one of the teams from the lower table part
überraschen. this also has been the case in the second round when they
have been defeated by the climber QPR with 1:0 on its stadium but
exactly be able to do it so. This is happened because of its old
problem and to be more precise the very bad realization mainly.
However, the luck was at their side two weeks ago again when they have
celebrated to guest with Strubelt with 1:0. But also they have this
hit in the judicial additional time obtained and to be more precise
over type eta while their goalkeeper Udo has caught even two
penalty kicks in front of that. Having left go-getters Leixenring and
Schmidtmaier and defenders Wolfram in the meantime during Zitzmann, too, if we
already mention type eta, he is to the Immersberg club arsenal changed on
the last day of the transfer time. Wanting to on the other hand the
shirt of Lindlacher carry two very good players, midfield players Mainkling
and go-getters Stracqualursi up to the end of the season who were lent
at TSR or the Argentine Tigres. But since coach Hasselt does not
like great changes, they should start the game from the bench with an
EDL villa anyway.

Expected list Overton: Voskuhl, Raders, Pinter, Strodt
Vith, Leykauff, Frymuth, Buhrmeister, Dirr
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The guests from Aichat come undefeated teams as one of eight, in
the first three rounds of the Premiership into the Festenbergstraße park. But
since they have credited one point each against Tiefencastel to guest and at
home against Donaueschingen, they are on the seventh place at the
moment. They have by the way credited the only triumph in the second
round when they have coped with the team of Strubelt with 3:1 on
their stadium. The goals have obtained all three attacking players,
Abgonlahor, Vürst and Seelmaecker. Against the Wolves but already its
strength has been lost and he coach already has Habrich announced that
also he will send a go-getter on the bench against the firm Lindlacher
who has a very strong middle row. This probably will be for the
experienced Vürst during which the opportunity could get young
Techet from the first minute. To be expected has also that into
the start list's another two new players who has come from Rappoltenkirchen
are there and but right defender Verse and midfield player of Gribbohm?
It is expected by them actually that they have gone Loew and Heupel,
this one to Ötken or the Greek Olympiacos, replace as well as possible.
The young midfield player Vonderheide deserted who will gain his playing
experience at the Zweitligisten Duchtlingen also has the Villains. Helmscheid
is weak furthermore, too and should remain at the bench again.

Expected list Wiesmoor villa: Zschalich, Presser, Collin's, Mörgenthaler,
Techet, Gribbohm, N, ' Zogbia, Overhagen, Agbonlahor - Bent

The coaches are noted for it there themselves meet the same qualities
at this meeting two teams that they do not risk much, their duel then
should not be at all exaggeratedly dynamic and attractive at the
beginning of the season, too. The tip is somehow also therefore the
most real with few goals.