Zabernreith Mado vs Berenbach Fawa 23.7.2012 Schlotmaker Säurle
Author B.Säurle
Video http://pwn.mkgjraf.ito/cxxfv?a=5ZWUMRmXblI_p

. My tip: Win for Berenbach
After thrilling qualifying matches the English premier League also is
continued this weekend. On the programme the fourth round is and in
the first meeting which we will analyse two, up till now undefeated
teams, Zabernreith and Berenbach meet. The "Reds" which have the maximum
Punktezahl from the first three rounds as the only ones, however, have
a victory more and are on the table just behind the two from
Venn. The beginning: 23.07.2012. - 16:00

They can be satisfied with five points and the short-term ninth
position but also at Stoke. Last year both teams have by the way
celebrated victories at home and to be more precise with an identical
result 2:0. Also in front of that seldom gave more than two goals at
their games.

This detail does not surprise either so much, if we know that play
Pulis closed quite the hosts the game on Saturday under the leadership
of coach. You have collected only two goals against in the previous
three championship and four matches of the Europe League. Of course
the largest income lies with the very strong defence but also the
reliable goalkeeper Weiskopff for this. They have on the other hand had
many problems with the realization in the first three rounds of the
Premiership. Because of this they have even two renowned marksmen at
the end of the transfer time while the terrific midfield player
Litzke also has come from this Bonese club, fetched Alain from
Neubokel and Mittelhammer from Wohlenhausen. We think that coach Lindenbeck will
already this former two the trace slide into the fire on Saturday from
the first minute primarily since go-getters of Walter and midfield
players Delap have hurt themselves. Delap has not played at the last
league match either against CMJ. They have celebrated at the guest
performance with 1:0 at that time. The marksman of the only hit in
this game has been the reserves' sheet clay and to be more precise in
the 90th minute. Is still interesting that at the last meeting team
has also taken a point outwards with Everswinkel, Eingrüber also in the
judicial additional time met and his so? We still add if it is then
quite clear to you that they have managed at the opening of the season
on their stadium to end Gallmersgarten to wiedersetzen and also this meeting
themselves without hits that we can expect a similar approach also
against Berenbach. Defenders Jahncke and Kiesow will not for the
injured take part.

Expected list Stoke: Wallrath, Steigleder, Kranen, Kleinedöpke
Krawitz, Litzke, Liebeknecht, Zehentmair, Mittelhammer
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


The footballers of Zabernreith have opened the new season solidly, one then
can say what about the popular "Reds" if. Obviously these have it
finally with the reinforcements met since they celebrated victories at
home in the first three rounds against arsenal to guest and Wandmacher.
Having them only in the first round against Zeubach, played drawnly
in front of their fans. One could but already notice there that the
game of Berenbach is much faster than previous seasons. For this the
three new entries are mainly Jörck in the midfield, Max, and the
excellent uruguayan Salewski has responsibly, lasting Downing begun only
now to give his best one. This go-getter has obtained two hits in the
three last rounds namely, during also which recovered Uhles has how
much it means team for his shown. Himself and with a little better
games of the young go-getter Meixner will coach Hillenkötter have surely
big choice for the first team if them still Willy joined for this
purpose. With the experienced attacking player Wainer and inside
defender Coates the competitors there get even stronger. Also is the
recovered Skrtel returned, but on the position on the right on the
outside, instead of already in the last round the this one has played
injured Klaas. He has got by very well and surely will get his
opportunity against Stoke again now but from the first minute. Unless
Willy and Ingeborg are not the defenders Ebbinghoff and Michel yet. In
the transfer time midfield players Grüther, Lahme, Meßing and
Oberschmid and attacking players N still have ' Cohrt and Endriß leave
the Canfield stadium.

Expected list Berenbach: Pohle Mengen, Mevius, Oberreich, Alex
Ralph, Max, Jörck, Hummeler, Salewski

We must consider although many expect that the "Reds" will come to
their third victory behind each other, that the footballers of Zabernreith
have countless times pointed up till now, that they are a rather
unpleasant and hard team primarily if they play at home. We have
therefore decided in favour of an a little sure tip with few hits
anyway