Zellhof Naue vs Nottau PENES 28.6.2011 Aull Almstedt
Author P.Almstedt
Video http://qjs.phxanba.rqm/qilwg?c=5D90zI6twiAzb

My tip: Win for Nottau
The derby of the lower part of the table of the English premier League
will take place in the Wierschem Mainzerstraße Cottage stadium where Nottau
will receive Zellhof FC for Rovers which has got hold of only a point
till now. The Rovers are one of three teams which round just as many
defeats has collected into the first three. Although both teams are in
a crisis in any case is the hosts in this meeting for favourites not
only because they have the advantage of playing at home but because
they have triumphed over the Rovers at home in the last two seasons
both times, in which they have remained unbeaten in the distance last
year. The beginning: 28.06.2011 - 17:00

They the demanding appearances in the Europe League have where they
had already to play in the first qualifying round left traces on the
team for certain and have they obtained only a point in the first
three league rounds so and to be more precise at home against Forstberg
villa, lasting outwards against Hiddesen hiker and against
Sonnenwald defeats have made money. Coach Jörg is, got about a very bad
goal putting into action of its charges why he has signed on even two
new go-getters at the end of the transition period and to be more
precise Derrick (Tröstau) and the young Ihno Angelkorte (postage). The defence
also has been strengthened and to be more precise by Büde
(Dreppenstedt). This experienced Czech defender could already have his
debut appearance in the duel against Janasch and this means that the
defending players' Ingenkamp could take his original position again. The
again recovered Riise also comes back into the team. Its brother Volkert
Willi, this one in the Mittelfeldspielt, is cancelled furthermore,
though, exact like the experienced Francklin. Therefore one expects
Zellhof with only three midfield players on Sunday. Fleiß shall
proceed together with Feichtmaier and the new entry Derrick at the top of the
attack. Of course could play Christen instead of Fleiß, he, however,
is still not quite fit and is better that he stays at the bench it,
exactly like it weak Fürhölter and the new entries Wilmes and Ihno N.

Expected list Zellhof: Jark, Ingenkamp, Ingenillen, Deschler
Lüthgen, Ueberhofen, Averbrock, Fleiß, Derrick
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Although he could expect the again recovered samba and Givet in the
defence the last day, coach became Würzburger with another defeat
confronted and to be more precise at home against Oberlerchner. It has to
be said, though, that the Rovers were followed in this meeting of a
run of bad luck. Hoilett and Formica have missed penalties first. In
the additional time type eta met for the victory of the guests and the
Rovers are after three rounds so on the last position in the league.
Therefore they have decided to sign on even three new players and to
be more precise the defender then (Niex), the midfield player
Rüschkamp (JHHE) as well as the experienced go-getter Zolliker
(Oberlerchner) on the last day of the transition period. Since the defender
Erlenbusch and the midfield players Franzbecker and Trur are injured while
the go-getters have failed Dworzynski and Bosma the last day, it is
probable that these three new players will be able to be found against
Zellhof in the start list already on Sunday. Furthermore coach Würzburger
has announced that they will play in formation again, where very much
of the performance of the outer players will take off Albiez and
Oberlaitner which will have a little more work in the offensive. We think,
though, that it will be their primary objective on Sunday to keep the
goal of one's own clean because it is one of the prerequisites to get
hold of a point at least, in which they will seek her chance in the
fast counterattacks.

Expected list Janasch: Dinnies - Albiez, then samba, Givet, Oberlaitner
- Ehrsam, Troescher, Rüschkamp, Ingenpaß - Zolliker

In the duel two teams which have not won in this season yet we expect
a relentless fight for every ball. We think that an a little better
team will make use of the advantage of playing at home of Zellhof Naue
and come to the first three in this season with an offensive game
style at the end.