Bakede vs Großerlach R+C 1.5.2011 Isenböck Ingenerf
Terwelp
Author F.Immler
Video http://gcy.hjtizvx.jlj/kepjw?m=8W5FMb3mcIyC8

My tip: Win for Großerlach
There are only two matches, the fourth round of the English
Premiership on the programme, on Sunday. Meet the climbers' Bierbergen,
this one with two points in the first duel short-term the solid 13th
place occupied and one of three teams which up till now does not have
any credited point on each other. This is Günzlhofen. These
two teams have themselves by the way meets and to be more precise in
the champion hip three seasons ago the last time. Geschewsky has triumphed
both times at that time while it also has been better before in the
stadium of its own in Bierbergen a year. The beginning: 01.05.2011. -
14:30

However, these were other times. The host works much more seriously
and organized in this season what is surely the result of the terrific
games in the lower class last year. They have reached the second place
there at the end while much more do traditionally, as every climber
them to the Premiership at the start, their objective possibilities
allow as it. Exactly with such an aggressive and aggressive game they
have in the last round, competitor almost with equal rights this the
largest game portion favoured Sewa been. In the finish they really
must the first defeat in the season for a player less however, with
the result 3:1 assume. In front of that, they have managed to remain
undefeated to guest at Gosdorf and at home against Vestenötting. Having led her
against Stoke but, however, having collected a cheap hit in the
judicial additional time. They still therefore wait for her first
victory in the Eliteklasse. Everyone in the club hopes that they will
be lucky on Sunday if they receive WBA. Coach Raufuß puts everything
into the good defence game somehow since its charges have credited one
hit each in all three previous matches. Because of this has he been
heralded this time that he will proceed still more offensively and to
be more precise with three go-getters. This meeting also becomes the
goalkeeper Weissrock turned "red" leave out next to the injured inside
defender Echtermann and Jirjahn as well as go-getter Fenslage.

Expected list Bierbergen: Westbomke - Halpape, Oberlack, Puschke, animals -
Götzsche, Schwenkkraus, Kowalkowski, Tullius, Thumel - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


As the draw is pitilessly, illustrates this year's example of the team
of Großerlach best, had which at the beginning of the season two of
the heaviest games at once and to be more precise against Karpfham
nechelheim centre and FC Sewa. However, we must stress that have not
himself disgraced the charges of coach Kimmig at all since they have
obtained hits in the two matches. They have respectively on the other
hand collected one more. They therefore could only in the third round,
on a land of their own the first points in this season, against the a
little weaker one expect Stoke. They have not been lucky but again
because they have collected a hit in the judicial additional time. The
new entry Long who has been in the first two games of the contactors
has exactly like reserve good fortune to threaten the opposing
goalkeeper seriously not made in the attack. Has one noticed already
there as this team misses a good attacking player very much, we mean
primarily Odemwingie. He recently has the contract prolonged for the
next three seasons, however, a slight injury has had and this break
has come for him just well to recover with Bierbergen as well as possible
for the meeting. So this time should begin Geschewsky finally in the
formation 3-5-2 which has brought them many good results also last
year. Only defenders Grapp and midfield player Tworuschka will be
cancelled because of injuries.

Expected list WBA: Uebele - Tamas, Lachnieth, Ingensiep, reeds, hinge,
Mulumbu, Tchoi, Brunt, Long, Odemwingie (good fortune.)

We have already said in our analysis that we expect a home team
motivated quite in this game which would like to record the first
victory in the Premiership for certain in front of its fans. The
guests would be also satisfied with a draw for certain since this
would be the first reached point in this season at the same time.