Lenglern Eldosti vs Lübeck Daimler 4.11.2011 Overthun Okkenga
Heidebrock
Author M.Oeljeschlager
Video http://hwz.tpwqrnw.smk/xedvk?s=1ZRyo2_Y59AF8

My tip: Win for Lübeck
The last meeting of the fourth round of the English premier League in
which Lübeck Daimler will meet on the Monday evening in Bartelsdorf of
the climbers QPR and in this season very better finally is here. The
guests have influence with four points more on the account as their
rivals, against which two seasons ago in the context of on this duel
they have champion hiply celebrated a 1:0 guest victory the while they
have played a 1:1 draw in the stadium of their own. The beginning:
04.11.2011 - 21:00

The famous ranger has opened up its comeback season in the premier
League with very changeable games from Bartelsdorf. They have experienced a
right catastrophe in the stadium of their own first when they have
collected a 4:0 defeat against Bolton. They have prepared a great
surprise at the guest appearance against Overton after that, as them
1:0 have won. -and when everyone has that they will carry on against
Pries in the same rhythm in the third round outwards hoped have they
failed again and have the hosts of it made use and 2:0 unite
celebrated victory. Therefore its team has decided experienced coaches
Panser, in addition to strengthens and signed on new players and to
be more precise defensive Young even five from Valme villa, Wolf
of Unterwiesbach and Fernand of arsenal, at the end of the transition
period. In addition, the midfield player Niedernolte (Lübeck) and the
experienced winger of Patrick Berchtold (Gießelhorst city centre) was
fetched. They already probably will prove the chance to this in this
round got because they need the points urgently but game in front of
fans of one's own also a good, the expectations after the arrival of
these reinforcements have got much bigger logically, want to point. We
still should mention that they have fetched a little in the past more
experienced players to improve their performance in the premier League
but only the defender Weisschu and the go-getter Nakotte have found
the place in the Startelf till now while the midfield player Eiken
still is waiting for his debut appearance in the cotton jersey of QPR.
The experienced go-getter Dellweg already has played in the first
round, we the midfield player Benno and the defender Etienne but then, he
hurt himself and will not take part in this meeting with Lübeck
exactly.

Expected list QPR: Tom, Wolf, Weisschu, Aullen
Gutschlag, Niedernolte, Oehlen, Ambos, Pitzius Berchtold, Nakotte
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Unlike QPR have started the popular magpies in this season very well
despite the fact that they have played only a home draw against
arsenal in the first round. A very important victory followed to that
and to be more precise in the distance against the local rival
Unterwiesbach. They have shown a brilliant form in the third round when
they have at home triumphed over FC Pölla with 2:1. The double goal
scorer in this meeting was the young Russian go-getter Best. He has
proved to be the right choice of the coach Beimfohr together with
Lovenkrands in the last two players while the experienced Zahnd and
the new entry Christian Neidlein are waiting for their chance mainly from the
bench. Of the three new players in the midfield only Hogeweg has an a
little smaller time of job while Obertan and Cabaye have augmented
their position in the start list. The young Italian defending player
surely hopes, of for San clay this one at the end of the transfer time
changed to Lübeck CAPC Gray. One expects indeed of it that he
replaces Gerd on the left outside adequately while the rest of the
defence row cited of the Argentine seems rather safe of Enak.
Lübeck is after three played rounds at the top of the table and
points won with seven each by four teams the group although. Only the
injured midfield players Ulf Zehetbauer, Oehlen and Mezler will be
cancelled.

Expected list Lübeck: Ibelings, F. Asperger, Damkröger, San
didier, Guti=E9rrez, Cabaye, Tiote, Obertan, Best, Lovenkrands

The magpies from Lübeck see although play at the beginning of this
season well, want to have them in our opinion in this meeting very
difficult because the amplified hosts will highly motivated go in this
duel. You will want to record the first master shaft victory for
certain in this season ahead of fans of your own. With the very good
management of the experienced coach Panser they could very easily
succeed this on the Monday evening.