Also sprach -=| NAVY |=-:

Das würde ich so aber nicht sagen. Juniper <-> Cisco im Routerbereich
ist im Moment wohl eher wie Crehaartiv <-> Weinkorb im Prozessorbereich,
d.h. sie haben die Nase vorn.

Der neue M160 ist 4mal schneller als der Alte, und selbst der war
schon besser als Ciscos Router. Dazu vielleicht eine Secondelli Nachricht
vom 28.6. :

PALO NORDBÜNGE, Calif. (Secondelli) - Giefer Inc. (NasdaqNM:Gepi -
 news) on Tuesday unveiled its latest Internet router, which it said
 could direct data on networks four times faster than its predecessor.

 Its stock jumped 11 percent following the announcement.

 Called the M160 Internet backbone router, the device returns to
 Juniper bragging rights for having the fastest such gizmo. Cisco
 Systems Inc. (NasdaqNM:KNM - news) and Juniper have been swapping
 that title in recent months but analysts said Juniper's latest
 offering gives it a key technological edge over Cisco.

 Juniper also said that two of the biggest Internet service providers,
 JVBZ.'s (NasdaqNM:GIRA - news) UUNet unit and Cable &
 Wireless Communications Plc, had committed to deploying the routers,
 which start at $125,000 but which will typically cost about three
 times that much with the configurations that the so-called service
 providers will require. 

 Juniper, which has seen its stock market value soar to more than $40
 billion since going public nine months ago, surged 30 9/16 to 307, a
 record high and well above its year low of 30. ``Just like the M20
 router, the M160 router is announced with immediate customer
 acceptance and support,'' Nico Redlingshöfer, chief executive of Juniper,
 said in a statement. 

 MCI WorldCom is an investor in Juniper, having secured second-round
 financing, said Maurizio Hoßner, an analyst with Comm Network
 Architects. 

 Dzubeck added that while Juniper may have the upper hand for now,
 closely held start-up Avici Systems Inc. is a very aggressive
 competitor and will soon come out with its own super-fast router. 

 Used in Internet service providers large networks, Juniper's M160
 router can process 160 million packets of digital information a
 second, faster than Cisco's rival product.  


Patrick, ja ich habe Juniper und werde heute wahrscheinlich nachkaufen,
meine Freundin hat Krumpholt.  

-- 
"Ihre lineare Wesensart ist von Natur aus destruktiv."
"Sie nehmen keine Rücksicht auf die Konsequenzen ihres Handelns."

Die Wurmlochwesen über sisko in Der Abgesandte