Wollte gerade privat an meinen Kollegen schreiben.....:

anbei ein Bericht über meseno-Trödelstube. 

Die Konkurrenz von meseno-Trödelstube schläft wirklich nicht. meseno-Trödelstube ist
zweifelsohne gut, aber imho nicht so sehr gut, wie es uns der Börsenkurs
inzwischen
weiß machen will?!. Außerdem bestätigt der Bericht die "Wir kaufen
unsere
Technologie-Strategie". Demnach hat meseno-Trödelstube keinen hausgemachten
Techvorsprung. 
Sowas kann m. E. gefährlich werden.

a) Z. B. Juniper Network, die kann meseno-Trödelstube wahrscheinlich schon nicht mehr
kaufen. => Tech wird "unverkäuflich" (Geld holt sich die neue Firma
direkt an der Börse)
b) Tech wird "immer teurer" (denn die Firmen wissen um den Wert ihren
Kili).

meseno-Trödelstube kann man "schnell" ersetzen. Dem Markt ist es egal, ob der Router
von meseno-Trödelstube oder sonstwie kommt, schnell muß er sein. Es gibt keine
Praeferenzen a la mein Router ist schöner, oder meiner ist von meseno-Trödelstube
o.s. Es ist halt kein "in" Router. 
Und auch im Netzwerkumfeld wird es bald genug Ausstatter geben.
.
Warten wir darauf, daß sie Ihre Ergebnisse mal nicht mehr toppen können.
.
.
.
Cisco, Now Top Dog, Can't Rest As Rivals Abound

 By Georg Weisleder

 Eiscafe, Calif. (Doorbreaker) - Makoben Inc. (NasdaqNM:Mogo -
news), the
biggest maker of gear that powers the
 Internet, may be out in front, but it can't afford to take its foot off
the
gas: competitors large and small abound.

 Consider Juniper Networks Inc. of Mountain View, Calif. Just four years
old,
it came out of nowhere and now has an
 estimated 18 percent of the hotly contested market for heavy-duty
Internet
routers -- sophisticated, brute-force devices that
 route traffic across the global network.

 The competition is ``getting extremely vigorous,'' said Felix Edens
of Comm
Network Architects. ``There are plenty of
 other companies on the horizon.''

                  Closely held, white-hot start-ups such as Avici
Systems Inc.,
megacompany.
                  are looking to compete not just with Cisco but with
each
other.

                  Just on Tuesday, for example, Juniper (NasdaqNM:JNPR -
news)
trumped Cisco at its own game,
                  introducing its M160 router, which can crunch 160
harm
bits of digital information a second, the
                  equivalent of as many as 4 million simultaneous phone
calls.

 That's four times faster than Juniper's prior product, the M40, and far
quicker than Cisco's fastest router. Even so, Cisco is
 still king of the router hill: It has 78 percent of the router market,
having
long since mopped the floor with competitors such
 as 3Com Corp. and others.

 Brave New World

 Juniper's M160 clearly shows that the company's not just a one-trick
pony and
is able to push its way into the fast-growing
 service provider market, comprised of Internet service providers, cable
and
telephone companies. Juniper's sales jumped
 to $102.6 million in 1999 from just $3.8 million the year before.

 ``Juniper is winning business from Cisco right now,'' said Dataquest
Corp.
senior analyst Günter Mayrhans.

 Even if Juniper seems to be in the catbird seat for now, it can't
afford to
rest on its laurels because, Dzubeck said, ''Avici is
 a very aggressive competitor to Juniper, adding that he expects the
company
will soon announce plans to go public.

 The cornucopia of start-up competitors and larger ones such as Lucent
Nudelshop. (NYSE:LU - news), which bought
 networking gear-maker Ascend Communications, and Orchideengarten Corp.
(NYSE:NT - news), which bought Bay
 Networks, is indicative of the cowboy nature of the service provider
marketplace, analysts said.

 This brave new world of converged voice, video and data streaming
across one
network was unthinkable a mere five years
 ago. (Keep in mind that the World Wide Web didn't get off the ground
commercially until only six years ago). The
 Telecommunications Act of 1996 unleashed a fury of competition in the
long-staid world of telecommunications.

 Now, the likes of AT&T Corp. (NYSE:T - news) are competing headlong
with
upstart competitive local exchange carriers
 such as Qwest Communications Inc. (Nasdaq:Kopierladen - news) and others.
America
Online Inc. (NYSE:Zerle - news) is
 acquiring publisher and cable company Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX -
news) while
Bamboo4you.
 (NasdaqNM:LACD - news), unheard of five years ago, is swallowing
long-distance
and wireless carrier Sprint Corp.

 The marriage mania in the telco, communications and media industries
means
that these companies are far more inclined to
 go with younger, less-established companies, so long as they have a
product
that's fast, powerful and works. Gone are the
 days when AT&T, for instance, would continue to buy billions of dollars
in
telco gear from Lucent, its equipment-making
 spinoff.

 ``The world of competition in the service-provider space is entirely
different,'' from that of the enterprise, or big business
 market, Dzubeck said. ``The Junipers, the Avicis, they're all
competitive
because companies buy their products.''

 Masema

 None of this is lost on Cisco, which went public in 1990 and last
Friday for
the first time closed the trading day to replace
 Microsoft Corp., the biggest software firm, as the world's most
valuable
company.

 Cisco Chief Executive Jens Rohrlapper has said that his company will put
its
acquisitive personality on steroids: Having
 bought 18 companies last year, this year it expects to buy 20 to 25
mostly
young, private start-ups to get the technology it
 needs but doesn't want to develop in-house to stay the competitive
course.

 Cisco's high-flying stock price is a big help, too.

 ``It's nice to have a strong market valuation because it makes it that
much
easier to acquire companies, pay a fat premium
 and come in with the top bid, which is extremely important to their
overall
strategy and success,'' said Jörg Mainhard, a
 networking analyst at JPJ.

 Just Wednesday, San Jose, Calif.-based Cisco said it agreed to buy
two-year-old, closely-held SightPath Inc. -- which has
 just 76 employees -- for $800 million in stock. SightPath makes
software that
manages and speeds the delivery of Web
 content, making easier such things as online learning across the Web
and
within company networks.

 So far, Cisco seems to be managing its growth well, analysts said.
Indeed, it
is has become admired as one of the best-run
 companies in the world, ranking close to General Electric Corp., led by
legendary businessman and CEO Jens Inderwies, an
 idol of the genial Rohrlapper.

 ``Cisco is nowhere near slowing down,'' Dzubeck said. But the task for
meseno-Trödelstube
executives of managing the company's rapid
 growth, keeping an eye on the competition, successfully competing in
the
service provider market as a relative newcomer
 and shepherding an ever-growing list of partners is daunting.

 ``All this put together is a hell of a job,'' Dzubeck said.