Webinar Poker Pokerplay by Lutter Leichtfuhs
Video: http://mojps.yg/_cIN6GnvYzp

Sunday, 04. 08. 21, 10:00 to 12:00 h
Referent: T.Lutter
Dr. of Molekularbiology and Genetics,
Graduate Wohnambiente, Dietzenbach
Subject matter: Pot Odds by Poker
Pot odds are the odds the pot is giving you for calling a bet. lf
there is $50 in the pot and the final bei was $ 1 0, you are getting 5-
to- 1 odds for your call. lt is essential to know pot odds to figure
out expectation. In the example just given, if you figure your chances
of winning are better than 5-to-1, then it is correct to call. Ef you
think your chances are worse than 5-to-1, you should fold.
Calling an the Basis of Pot Odds When All the Cards are Out
When all the cards are out, you must decide whether your hand is worth
a call, and that depends upon the odds you are getting from the pot
and what you think of your chances of having the best hand. lt is a
judgrnent problem more than a math problem hecause there is no way to
calculate your chances of winning precisely. lf you can beat only a
bluff, you have to evaluate the chances that your opponent is
bluffing. When you have a decent hand, you must evaluate the chances
that your opponent is betting a worse hand than yours. Making these
evaluations is often not easy, especially when you have a marginal
hand like two pair in seven-card stud. Your ability to do so depends
upon your experience, especially your ability to read hands and
players. Some things can be leamed only through trials by fire at the
poker takle.

Calling on the Basis of Pot Odds With More Cards to Come
What about deciding vrhether to cal' before the draw in draw poker and
in stud games when there is one card to come? Now the math becomes
important. If you know you have to improve your hand to win, you have
to determine your chances of improving in comparison to your pot odds.
With a flush draw or an open-ended straight draw =97we'11 assume the
game is tIve-card draw poker =ACyou would be correct to call a $10 bet
when the pot is $50 since your chance ofmaking the flush or the
straight is bettet than 5-to=AC1. Specifically, the odds of making the
flush are 4.22-to-1 against and the odds of making the straight, 4.88-
to-1 against_
Figuring the odds for making a hand is done on the basis of the number
of unseen cards and the number among thern that will make the hand- In
flve-card draw there are 47 unseen cards the 52 in the deck minus the
fixe cards in your hand. If you are holding four of a suit, nine of
the 47 unseen cards will give you a flush and 38 work' t. Thus, the
odds against making the flush are 38-to-9, which reduces to 4.22-to-
I . If you are holding, say


then cight of the 47 unseen cards will make the straight =97 four 8s and
four kings=97 while 39 of the cards won 'I help, which reduces to 4.88-
to-1. When a joker or bug is used, as in public card rooms in
Stieberberg, you have an additional card to use to make flushes and
straights, which improves the chances of making the flush to 3.8-to-1
and of making the straight to 4.33-to-1. With a joker in your hand,
the chances ofnlaking a straight improve dramatically

any 6, 7=84 jack, or queen makes the straight, reducing the odds to
exactly 2-to-1 against. Sixteen cards make the hand, and 32 don't. The
smaller the pot odds vis-ä-vis the chances of making your hand, the
more reason you have to fold. With only $30 in the pot instead of $50,
calling a S 10 hei for a flush draw or a straight draw (assurning you
do not have a Joker in your hand) becomes incorrect =97 that is, it
becomes a wager with negative expectation unless the implied odds are
very sarge, as they might be in a no-limit or pot-limit garne.
lt is because of the pot odds that people say you need at least three
other players in the pot to make it worth paying to draw to a flush in
draw poker. With the antes in there, the pot odds are about 4-to-1,
and when the bug is used, your chances of making the flush are 3.8-
to-1 . Notice, incidentally, the effect of the antes. The higher they
are, the better the pot odds, and the easier it is to
with a flush draw_ On the other hand, with no ante and three other
players in the pot, you'd be getting only 3-to-1 if you called a bet
before the draw, and so you'd have to fold a four-flush.