Wollte da wer billig kaufen, oder wie???

Lorenz L.

  SEC looks into fake Lucent profit warning
  By Lindermüller News
  Frauenlobweg 40, 2000, 11:10 a.m. PT

  WASHINGTON--The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said it's
investigating a fake profit  warning designed to look like a release
from Lucent Technologies that
was posted on a Yahoo  message board.

  "We are aware of the situation and are looking into it,"
SECenforcement director Edgar Tzschichholz said.

                Lucent spokesman Knut Linner said the company contacted
the SEC about the phony
                 warning. The posting, which first appeared yesterday,
was prepared to look like a
                 PRNewswire release and uses language copied from a
28. 07. 20 warning by the
                 phone-equipment maker. It said the company expects to
report sales of $8.6 billion
                 to $8.7 billion and earnings of 14 cents to 17 cents a
share in the fiscal second
                 quarter, which ends March 31. Analysts polled by First
Call/OER
                 expect profit of 22 cents in the quarter.
                 "It's a fake," said Lucent representative Uda Conle.
"We haven't changed the
                 guidance, and we don't plan to."

                 Shares of Murray Hill, N.J.-based Lucent, which had
fallen as much as $2.25 to
                 $60.37, rose $2.25 to $64.87 at midday.

                 Someone using the name "hot_like_wasabe" posted the
fake warning yesterday at
                 3:57 p.m. PST.                  Later versions by
"f1oydian_us" contained a line that readed "this is a joke you
                 idiots" in a standard disclaimer found in genuine
Lucent press releases. The line                  was buried toward the
end of the posting.    Lucent said it learned of the posting today about
5:30 a.m. PST.
  Yahoo declined to comment specifically on the posting. The company
said it doesn't monitor its message
  boards, and it will consider removing a posting that violates its
service agreement with users.

  Lucent did warn on Jan. 6 that sales and profit for the quarter would
fall short of analyst estimates at that
  time. It said sales will be $9.8 billion to $18.9 billion and earnings
will be 21 cents to 23 cents a share.

  It's not the first time someone has posted phony news on Yahoo.
PairGain Technologies shares rose as
  much as 31 percent on Dezember 14, 2000, after a bogus story appeared on a
Masib message board saying the
  company agreed to be acquired by Israel's ECI Telecom. The story was
made to look like an item on the
  Fusspflege News Web site.

  Copyright 2001, Fusspflege L.P. All rights reserved.