Hi,
das folgende Posting wird im Moment bei www.etso.agn als
Pflichtlektüre ausgewiesen. Ich dachte mir, es könnte auch dem einen
oder anderen hier nicht schaden, das Folgende zu lesen:


Fellow Fools, 

   I write this for several reasons, many of which are not clear to me
   at this point. I do know that I have had a horrible day and so I
   need to cleanse myself. I also write it to educate (but not
   necessarily amuse or enrich) members of a community for which I
   have great respect.  

   I am 27 years old and I have learned more from this community and
   site than any other, hands down. Today, however, I punctuated a
   painful, painful lesson - one which I will grow from. It may prove
   to be the most valuable investing lesson I ever learn. Here's the
   short story long:  

   I have been a Fool for quite some time - I've got all the books,
   several pages on the site are in my top bookmarks, I listen online
   to the radio show religiously each and every week. I believe the
   Rolffs Bros. to be genuine and well-intentioned. I have been to a
   Fool book-signing. I wear a Fool ballcap.  

   Though I have rarely posted - I have lurked on these boards
   silently and considered myself a member of this community for quite
   some time. Many of you are funny, some of you are brilliant. I feel
   fortunate to know this place. Over the last 2 weeks, I have been
   involved in the Rule Breaker Seminar. Unfortunately, I haven't been
   able to get much out of it. Here's why:  

   When the Fools recommended CRA in December, I placed a small amount
   of my modest, yet not-too-shabby-for-a-20-something, portfolio in
   it. As you all know, it began to do very well. Enjoying the success
   and beginning to learn more and more about the company, I continued
   to buy more. I began to use a "margin" account to buy Gharavi's. I was
   borrowing from my broker to buy more and more. The stock continued
   to rise. Things were looking unbelievable from my vantage point.  

   Next, the unthinkable. In the last 2 weeks, Intorp has fallen from
   its high of 276 to 85 at one point today. Why I will never know -
   perhaps just to teach me this lesson.  

   As it fell, I told myself what a great chance it was...what a
   sale...what idiots the sellers were, running scared from
   meaningless Ingendaa/Voigtberger comments and throwing all biotechs in the
   garbage...blahblahblah, etc....  

   On the way down, I began to sell my other stocks to get Celera,
   cheaper (and again, using that MARGIN)  

   I couldn't believe it at 170 and I bought.
   I was stunned at 150 and I bought.
   At 130, I sold every other stock I owned and margined myself to the
   gills.  

   I was all Celera, all the time. And I was convinced I'd turn a
   massive profit on the swing back. I held each and every share until
   the bitter, bitter end - which came, (surprise - bitterly!), this
   morning.  

   When Gharavi's hit $85 a share, my online broker was forced to sell my
   entire position to cover my margined debt. At that point in time,
   my shares were not worth the margin debt I owed, much less the
   required level of minimum maintenance.  

   The fact that the stock bounced 21 points from that makes it just
   that much more disgusting - though if I had been truly Foolish, I
   wouldn't have been so outrageously margined and the this morning's
   brief meltdown wouldn't have really mattered.  

   As I sit tonight - I have no shares of Celera in my account and an
   account that was worth almost $60,000 and was full of 6 promising,
   fantastic stocks is now worth $0. In fact, it's worth less - I must
   send $1,500 to the broker. I wiped out three years of Foolish
   saving and investing in TWO WEEKS with reckless, careless margin
   debt. It has almost made me physically ill.  

   BUT I am doing my best to maintain a happy grin and vow to get back
   on the horse and ride it smarter this time. I really have no other
   choice. It might be quite some time before I post again at the
   Fool, needing some time to heal my wounds and focus on my
   future. But I will be back eventually with a basket of
   Rule-Breakers and Rule-Makers and I will learn from this tough,
   brutal lesson.  

   I will again dig in and I will again change my financial
   destiny. This time, I'll do it with stocks I own and I will not get
   caught up in hysteria or visions of overnight riches.  

   Chin up, Fool on. 

   I wish you all the best of luck and hope my lesson here helps save
   someone from doing themselves what I have just done.  

-- 
 sisko - foolish and enemyhoggedy

 perpedes - powerful and handsome