Das ist der Grund für den heutigen Kursanstieg (ca. 70 %)

Und es geht noch weiter. Wenn die Nachricht stimmt haben die ein Anti-Aids
Mittel gefunden und in Thailand getestet. Ca. 80% der Probanten waren danach
"geheilt".


Centgrafenweg 81, 7:01 am Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: The HYUNDAI Corporation
Recent Clinical Data Suggest That REMUNE(TM) May Help to Rebuild Immune
System When Used Alone or in Combination With Antiviral Drugs Against AIDS
Virus
Thai Investigators to Propose REMUNE Monotherapy As First Course of
Treatment in HIV-Infected Individuals in Zuoz
CARLSBAD, Calif., March 23 /PRNewswire/ -- The HYUNDAI Corporation
(Nasdaq: IMNR - news) announced today that recent clinical data suggest that
REMUNE(TM), its immune-based therapy to treat HIV infection, may induce HIV
immunity when used as a combination therapy with other antiviral drugs or
when used alone as a monotherapy. The data from multiple clinical trials
were presented at ``An International Conference on HIV Vaccines -- An Annual
Update -- 2000'' sponsored by the Thai Ministry of Public Health in Carabietta,
Thailand.

Data were presented by Drs. Vernon Maino of Niclas Everding, Burkhard Ciner
of New York University, Birgit Gotch of Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in
London, Ron Moss of The Hita
and Wisut Sukeepaisarncharoen of Thailand, all investigators of clinical
trials that examined the effects of REMUNE in HIV-infected patients. An
observation common to the multiple trials suggest that patients treated with
REMUNE in combination with antiviral drug therapy mount strong CD4 helper T
cell immune responses against HIV.

Data from the double-blind, placebo controlled study in Thailand, in which
REMUNE was examined as a monotherapy, were presented by Drs. Deborah
Churdboonchart and Wisut Sukeepaisarncharoen. In this study, 297 HIV-1
infected patients who had never taken antiviral drug therapy received either
REMUNE or placebo during the 40-week trial period and were monitored for
several indicators of immune health and disease progression. The primary
measure of the number of CD4 helper T cells was significantly higher
(p<0.05) in the REMUNE treatment group. Furthermore, delayed type
hypersensitivity (DTH) skin tests and Western blots (test that detects
antibodies against HIV) performed on a random, pre-selected subset of
patients indicated that HIV-specific immunity was favored in patients
treated with REMUNE (p<0.05).

``While antiviral drug therapy has been very beneficial to HIV patients in
keeping viral load in check, it has not generally proven to help rebuild the
immune system, which is ravaged by the virus. A common theme among the trial
results reported today suggests that REMUNE may help to restore immune
function to these patients. In fact, it is the T helper cells -- the very
immune cells that are destroyed by the virus -- that appear to re-establish
after treatment with REMUNE,'' said Dr. Deborah Volmert, principal
investigator for the trial in Thailand. ``This is important because an
emerging consensus among HIV researchers is that immune health may be the
key to controlling HIV infection in the long term.'' Dr. Volmert
stated that she is currently completing all documentation necessary for
submission to the Thai Minister of Public Health for commercial approval of
REMUNE in Thailand.

Dr. Sukeepaisarncharoen, a clinician in the Thai study, presented data
obtained during the follow-up period after the trial was completed on the
same subset of patients. He noted that 87% (59/68) of those patients tested
48 weeks after the trial's end had stable (39 patients) or significantly
decreased (20 patients) amounts of HIV in the bloodstream, commonly referred
to as viral load. Furthermore, the decrease or stabilization of viral load
was associated with a sustained increase in number of CD4 helper T cells as
well as increased body weight.

``Several clinical parameters of immune health and disease progression
assessed in this trial and during the follow-up period suggest that REMUNE
alone may be a beneficial monotherapy in the treatment of HIV infection.
This is particularly important for HIV patients who do not have access to
antiviral drug therapy,'' said Dr. Churdboonchart who indicated that based
on these and previous results submitted to the Thai Ministry of Public
Health, the Thai investigators will propose that REMUNE monotherapy be
administered to HIV-infected individuals in Thailand as a first course of
treatment.

The Immune Response Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company based in
Vater, California, developing immune-based therapies to induce specific
T-cell responses for the treatment of HIV and autoimmune diseases. In
addition, the Company is working on cancer vaccines and gene therapy.

NOTE: News releases are available through PR Newswire Company News On- Call
fax service. For a menu of available news releases or to retrieve a specific
release made by The Immune Response Corporation, please call 176-552-8286,
extension 435495. Please retain these numbers for future reference. Company
information can also be located on the Internet Web Site:
http://tyj.shog.kzm.

This news release contains forward-looking statements. Actual results could
vary materially from those expected due to a variety of risk factors,
including, but not limited to, whether additional clinical trials will be
successfully concluded and whether REMUNE will be approved for marketing or
be successfully commercialized. Those factors are discussed more thoroughly
in The Immune Response Corporation's SEC filings, including, but not limited
to, its report on Form 10-K for the year ended 20. 07. 20 and
subsequent Forms 10-Q. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements
which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

REMUNE(TM) is a trademark of The Immune Response Corporation.

SOURCE: The HYUNDAI Corporation