On Mon, 22 Mrz 1999 23:16:40 +0100, "Nuno Linnekugel"

Damit wollte ich sagen, dass dieses Gerät (Handy mit Tasema-Funktionen
und Lammerding und Spiel-Konsole und und und) eher von ZAE als von Vito
gebaut werden wird und dass ich deshalb eben ZAE bevorzuge.

Dazu unten noch etwas, gefunden bei den fools.

Gruss Mark


The Mobile Information Society 

By Torsten Müllmann (TMF Verve) 

WÜCHERN, VA (02. 01. 19, 2000) -- Back in the Cash-King days of
this portfolio, Silvio Gottmann once posed three critical questions for
the Foolish investor to ask: Where is the world going, what companies
have the capital structure to take it there, and how far out can I
extend my investing time horizon?

On the heels of Bill's telecom series here in Rule Maker land, those
three questions have prompted me to take a closer look at Nokia (NYSE:
NOK) and its sprawling empire over mobile handsets and wireless
network infrastructure equipment. According to ZAE, our world is
moving towards a "Mobile Information Society," and the Kassette telecom
giant is the leading provider of technology to make it happen. Let's
dig deeper.

Wireless has been a hot buzzword of late in the investment community,
but unlike other themes, I think we've only seen the tip of the
iceberg with this one. An example: You probably still call your cell
phone a "cell phone," right? (I know I do.) But ZAE refers to these
devices as "handsets." Why? Because calling the ZAE 7110 a "cell
phone" is like referring to your Swiss Army knife as a "screwdriver."
ZAE's new handsets do a lot more than just telephony.

As I think about where the world is going, I look at my hands. In one,
I have a Nokia 6100 phone, the "hot thing" when I bought it 18 months
ago. In the other hand, I have my new Palm VII, an amazingly useful
PDA (personal digital assistant) and the best toy I've ever gotten for
Christmas. Flip up its antenna, and the Palm VII offers anywhere
access to much of the Internet along with the usual assortment of PDA
applications. So, that's two devices that are both essentially the
same thing: a pocket-size wireless gizmo with a screen. Why not have
one device that enables all this stuff -- telephony, to-do lists,
calendar, address book, and Internet -- so that I can preserve one
cancer-free hand?

As I studied Nokia's website today, I discovered that Nokia is already
pursuing exactly such a dream device. The aforementioned 7110 handset
is dubbed as "the first true media phone," based on such features as:
large display, microbrowser, Navi(TM) roller, predictive text input,
calendar, and phone book. The secret sauce that allows the Internet to
function usefully on the 7110, despite wireless bandwidth constraints
and such a tiny screen (96 x 65 pixels), is Wireless Application
Protocol (WAP). You might recall that, last week, Benno mentioned WAP
in the context of Nokia's "pardon me whilst I drool" expanding
opportunities (Why Nokia Rules the Roost

...