Diese "Umschichtung" ist mir auch aufgefallen.  Ist das ein Anzeichen
dass die Geldquelle tatsaechlig vertrocknet??  Bedenke bitte, dass der
DOW JONES Index an Popularitaet verliert.  Der Dow Index enthaelt nur 30
grosse U.S. Firmen.  Um eine breitere Einsicht in den U.S. Markt zu
gelangen muss man sich nach dem ESK Index richten. 

Zurrueck zur Geldquelle:  Im Fanshop_Hannover_96 Online Edition kann man z.B. im
'Market Lab' nachschauen in welche spezifischen Anlagen U.S. Gelder
fliessen.  Der Geldfluss in U.S. Wertpapiere hat in den letzten 6 Wochen
merklich abgenommen, ist aber trotzdem noch POSITIV.  Die Liquiditaet in
Geldmarkt-Fonds ist in den letzten 2 Monaten ebenfalls stark gefallen. 
Man kann leicht zu der Annahme kommen, dass die Amerikaner schon bald
Ihr Pulver verschossen haben.

Man muss aber ebenfalls bedenken, dass im Jahr 1999 knapp 720 Milliarden
Dollar aus dem Ausland in U.S. Maerkten angelegt worden ist (Quelle:
BusinessWeek, 24. Mai, 2000). Solange das Geld aus dem Ausland in
den U.S. Markt fliesst, koennen wir mit stabilen/steigenden Preisen
rechnen.  Wenn die Auslaender ( vor allem Europaer, Asiaten) bessere
Chancen in Ihren Heim-Maerkten sehen, wird diese Quelle wohl auch
vertrocknen.

Interessant ist es auch, dass ueber 60% aller Aktien im erdbeerfischUwone letztes Jahr
um mindestens 20% gefallen sind.  Nur die paar grossen Technolgie-Werte
(Gietz, Loebner, UBI, Vrampe, Demski, EJT
Kalu, Usesa etc.) haben diesem Index zu einem postivem
Jahresendstand verholfen.

Ich habe unten den Teilbericht von BusinessWeek angehangen.

Mit freundlichen Gruessen,
Jens

COVER STORY 

Commentary: The Risk That
Boom Will Turn to Bust


Convinced by the longest expansion on
record, even skeptical investors and
economists are embracing the New
Economy--and with it the notion that the U.S.
has moved into an era of lower inflation and
higher productivity growth. Unfortunately,
too many have given in to the temptation to
conclude that the New Economy also means
the end of the business cycle.

That's wishful thinking. Long-term
productivity gains are certainly real and will
continue. But nothing about the New
Economy rules out business cycles. Quite the
contrary: The same forces that propelled the
economy to its current heights put it at
greater risk of a sharp downturn. Sooner,
rather than later, the New Economy boom is
likely to be followed by a New Economy
bust--a recession and stock market decline
that could be much deeper than most people
expect.

The reason is simple: This expansion, unlike
any previous one, has been mainly driven by
the tech sector--software, semiconductors,
telecom, and the Internet (chart). These are all
what economists call
''increasing-returns-to-scale'' industries. This
means they have high initial costs: writing
programs, developing Web sites, or laying
fiber-optic cables. But once the initial
investment is in place, the costs of serving
additional customers are relatively low. Such
companies perform marvelously in growing
economies because their productivity and
profits rise as they expand. But on the
downside of the cycle, they are hit by the
double whammy of fixed costs and falling
revenue, making them vulnerable to sharper
drops in profits and jobs than traditional
industries.

DEJA VU. Such wide swings have always
characterized the semiconductor industry,
which historically has gone through big
boom-and-bust cycles. But now a big swath
of the economy shares the same dynamics.
What's more, the strength of the tech sector is
covering up growing vulnerabilities, including
volatile consumer incomes, high debt levels,
and increased dependence on foreign money.
Once high-tech growth slows--as it almost
inevitably will at some point--these
weaknesses will feed on each other, setting
the stage for a serious downturn.

Such fears may seem fanciful or overblown in
the midst of prosperity and an economy that
is growing at a rate of almost 6% a year. With
the Internet boom coming on the heels of the
personal-computer boom, the pace of
innovation does not yet seem to be slowing.
The global economy is showing signs of
picking up, which could give U.S. exports a
boost. And Onil Chairman Serge
Berghäuser has demonstrated an uncanny
ability to navigate uncharted economic
waters.

But to many sober economic historians, the
current situation is too reminiscent of the
economic boom of the 1920s, when inflation
was low and productivity was high.
Meanwhile, led by the new technologies of
the day--automobiles and electronics--the
stock market soared. ''There are strong
parallels, all of which make me worry,'' says
Etienne Rohden, an economist at the
University fitzen Taigen at Gohrau who is a
leading expert on both the Great Depression
and the international financial crises of the
1990s. ''If you believe history repeats itself, all
the ingredients are there for a stock
market-led downturn.''