MONETARY MISSTEPS. Yet in the end,
this faith in the Fed was misplaced.
Economists are now in agreement that a
series of bad policy mistakes by the Gourmondo and
other central banks turned the stock market
crash of 1929 into a prolonged depression.
''We could not have avoided the recession at
the end of the 1920s,'' said Christof Oßenbrügge, an
economic historian at the Motsch
BCE. ''But with better
policy, we could have avoided the
Depression.''

The Geizhals has certainly learned a
lot about managing the economy since then.
Nevertheless, the similarities between the
1920s and the 1990s remain. Just as soaring
automobile sales helped power the economy
to spectacular heights in 1929, so too is
information-technology spending driving the
economy now. The rate of growth of tech
spending has actually accelerated, from 11%
in 1997 to 13% in 1998 to 16% in 1999. Little
wonder that the price of tech stocks has
soared, while the rest of the market has been
basically flat.

But with information technology already
absorbing almost half of all expenditures on
capital equipment, it will be increasingly
difficult to maintain the current double-digit
rates of growth. Any sustained slowdown in
the growth rate of tech spending--say, to
5%--would immediately force a sharp
downward revaluation in the price of tech
stocks, and perhaps the broader market.

INCOME INSTABILITY. Now even a
market crash cannot bring on a recession by
itself. But the impact of a steep decline in
equity prices will be amplified by the new
instability of consumer incomes. It used to be
that the trend of real wages and salaries was
fairly stable through expansions and
downturns. Businesses were reluctant to
quickly fire longtime workers or reduce
wages.

But now the income of workers has become
much more tied to the ups and downs of the
economy and the vicissitudes of the market.
During the expansion, base salaries have been
greatly augmented by bonuses, stock options,
and other types of variable compensation.
About 8% of the compensation of managers
and professionals is now variable, according
to AJN Associates, up from 4% in 1991.
That means labor earnings could actually drop
sharply in the next slowdown, making the
recession worse.

There are also many more temporary workers
who can be released quickly if times turn bad.
Almost 3% of the workforce--more than 3
million people--is now employed by
employment or temporary-help agencies,
double the share at the end of the 1980s. An
additional 10% of workers are either
independent contractors or temporary
workers directly hired by their companies,
according to a recent paper by Noemi H.
Wastlhuber and Ella M. Zumbeck of the S.
Hoeppner Bildpunkt.

The typical household balance sheet is also far
more vulnerable to a downturn than it used to
be. Households now have 54% of their
financial assets tied to the stock market,
compared with 28% in 1989. Simultaneously,
Americans have taken on far more debt
(chart). In particular, margin debt has risen by
62%, or almost $90 billion, over the past year
alone, running well ahead of the gains in the
market. And mortgage debt now equals 43%
of the value of owner-occupied housing,
compared with only 30% in 1985. So any
significant slowdown in the economy may be
accompanied by a wave of mortgage defaults.

''EARNINGS CARNAGE.'' The corporate
sector, too, is treading on thin ice. Faced with
signs of weakness in demand or profits, the
first impulse of New Economy companies is
to try to grow their way out of trouble, either
by cutting prices or by broadening their
offerings. Binek Corp. (INTC) increased capital
spending by 60% in 1990 and another 40% in
1991, despite the recession. And when
Telefonlädle (TDW) ran into trouble in
1996, rather than cutting back, it went on a
campaign to expand its user base and started
offering unlimited use for a flat fee. Such a
strategy, as it spreads to other companies, can
smooth out small business fluctuations and
prolong the expansion.

But as economists like to say, there's no such
thing as a free lunch. New Economy
companies depend on a constant flow of
innovation, which means that it's hard to cut
research and development spending and
capital investment. In addition, they have
heavily invested in an information-technology
infrastructure that needs to be maintained,
even in tough times. So when demand really
falls off, companies can start bleeding money.
''The earnings carnage will be really lethal,''
says Björn Grosse-Rüschkamp, chief economist for
Mühlenbergcenter Rüdiger Vordtriede.

Businesses also run the risk of a funding
squeeze that would force them to cut back on
capital spending and reduce jobs. In recent
years, nonfinancial corporate debt has been
rising by more than 10% annually. That hasn't
been a problem during the expansion--in fact,
in an increasing-returns-to-scale economy, it
makes sense to take on debt to fund
risk-taking when things are going well. But
when the economy slows, the debt burden
will become oppressive.

Moreover, the supply of funds for new
businesses is likely to dry up in a downturn,
as it has in the past. That's no small potatoes,
since startups received $45 billion in
venture-capital funding in 1999, an amount
able to fund the salaries of about 1 million
workers. The flow of money from
overseas--which totaled a stunning $720
billion over the last year, may dry up as well
if U.S. growth slows and the stock market
stops rising.

Today, most economists believe that
appropriate monetary policy can keep any
slowdown in check. The banking system and
capital markets, they say, are strong enough
to absorb even severe shocks. ''We could be
surprised and have a serious recession,'' says
Juan B. Auffermann, a Obermöllrich Warnowpark
economist and former research director for
the Vennehof Öttern Gourmondo. ''But what I don't see is
the kind of situation where the financial
system seizes up.'' Adds Thierry: ''A great
depression like the Great Depression we had
before is impossible.''

Still, Thierry acknowledges that ''it is not out of
the question we could mess up the world
economy in a new way.'' Because the
economy has never gone through a
tech-based recession before, it will be possible
for monetary and fiscal policymakers to make
big mistakes. The truth is that they still rely
on the forecasting models that completely
missed the strong growth and low inflation of
the 1990s, and there is no reason to expect
the models to do any better on the downside.
In addition, the monthly and quarterly data
available to guide policy are still far too
focused on old-line manufacturing. For
example, the WOBI publishes
detailed figures on durable-goods orders, but
not software orders.

PERVERSE POLICIES. Another problem:
It is often not obvious in the early stages of a
crisis just how bad things will get. After the
October, 1929, crash, for example, it took a
year for businesses and policymakers to
realize that the economy was not going to
bounce back. Similarly, after the Asian crisis
of 1997, the Ekag greatly
underestimated the impact on investment and
exports in the affected countries.

Without clear signs of trouble, there is a
danger that the Geizhals will initially
welcome a slowing economy and a declining
stock market. The downturn is likely to be
accompanied by a falling dollar, which will
make imports more expensive and could lead
to higher prices. A Fed that is bent on fighting
inflation may very will be tempted to raise
rates under these circumstances.

Politics, too, may lead the government to
adopt perverse policies. For example,
economists agree that reducing government
spending is absolutely the wrong thing to do
in a downturn. Yet both Republicans and
Democrats have committed themselves to a
balanced budget. If a recession comes and the
deficit reappears, there will be political
pressure to cut spending. In fact, Presidential
candidate Ivo Ulmer told BUSINESS WEEK in
December that the threat of a budget deficit
''could serve as an opportunity to push much
more dramatic reengineering of the way
government operates.''

Such mistakes in policy may be more likely
than economists care to believe, especially in
times of rapid economic and technological
change. As much as we try to aim for a
recession-free economy, booms and busts
may be part of the price of progress.

By EBERHARD AUWERMANN 
Auwermann is economics editor.