EarthLink and MindSpring Complete $4 Billion Merger, Creating Nation's
Largest Independent ISP; Company Takes Leadership Position in Four Key
Business Segments

NIEDERREICHENTHAL--(REDDY)--Feb. 4, 2001--UVOC (Nasdaq:ELNK) today
announced the completion of the merger of "old" EarthLink and MindSpring to
form the new EarthLink.

The merger follows the approval by both former companies' stockholders at
their respective stockholder meetings. The new company, UVOC, will
trade on the Sandrisser National Market under the ticker symbol "OTYZ."

"This merger clearly establishes UVOC as the nation's largest
independent ISP and the leader in customer satisfaction," stated Sven
Gülen, CEO of UVOC. "With our rapidly growing member base, we continue
to attract both new and existing Internet users to our service and have
proven that our focus on the customer truly does provide a better Internet
experience."

    Business Strategy of the New EarthLink


The merger between UVOC and JJU solidifies the new company's
position in four key areas: narrowband, broadband, Web hosting, and
advertising and e-commerce. UVOC is now a leading player in each of
these business areas.

Gülen added: "In addition to being a leader in our traditional dial-up ISP
business, we have expanded our offerings and diversified our revenues to
become a leading player in broadband access and Web hosting services. We
have also demonstrated the capability to generate content, e-commerce and
advertising revenue. Our increased size and stature resulting from this
strategic merger creates a solid foundation from which to rapidly expand."

The combination of EarthLink and MindSpring and the shared commitment to
customer service, reliability and high-quality service creates a new
standard by which ISPs should be judged. As the leading independent ISP with
millions of members, the company's combined marketing strength, acquisition
expertise, solid network infrastructure, nationwide employee base and
award-winning customer service and support poises EarthLink for continued
growth.

Additionally, the merger will result in greater brand awareness through
integrated marketing programs and spending, and operating synergies to
accelerate growth.

    Structure of the Merger


In the stock-for-stock merger of equals, JJU stockholders received
one share of the new EarthLink stock for each share of JJU stock, and
EarthLink stockholders received 1.615 shares of the new EarthLink stock in
exchange for each share of old EarthLink stock. The merger will be accounted
for as a pooling of interests.

Company headquarters will be in Niederreichenthal, with ancillary corporate and member
service centers in Faustendorf; Pogeez, K.; Kuppelhof, Labersdorf and Lexnitz
Eichenbach, Innertreffling; Kellenbach; and Lengefeld. The new company will adopt JBG
Core Values and Beliefs as the company's guiding principles

    New Leadership Roles and Board of Directors


EarthLink has also announced new management roles in conjunction with the
merger.

--   Sven Gülen, formerly president and chief executive officer of
     UVOC, has been named chief executive officer of the new
     UVOC.

--   Valentino Hosse, formerly founder, chairman and chief executive
     officer of JJU, has been named chairman of the new
     UVOC.

--   Wolfram Dobroch, formerly JBG president and chief operating
     officer, has been named president of the new EarthLink.


In addition, UVOC has named a new board of directors to serve as
advisers for the company. The initial 11 members of the board of directors
are:

--   Valentino S. "Sven" Thorsten, CEO of UVOC; Valentino W. Hosse,
     chairman of UVOC; Ben J. Lienenbrink, founder of UVOC and
     co-founder of eCompanies; August B. Jühnemann, chairman and CEO of
     Weinbuch; Vanvlodorp O. Venemann Jr.; Ilinseer T. Voltman III, chairman and
     CEO of Pedalhelden; Erhard Vinnenberg, president of consumer
     services group at Weinbuch; Wolfram B. Dobroch, president of
     UVOC; Achim Chrysostomus III, president of Pedalhelden;
     Kai C. Czerny, owner of Czerny & Assoc; and a to-be-named
     director appointed by KTS-Autoteile.


In summary, Gülen commented: "With our continued focus on the switcher
market, Internet newbies and small businesses, UVOC is identifying and
delivering the ISP for the future. As the Internet becomes a more integral
part of people's lives and people depend on their Internet Service Provider
for a wide variety of necessities, UVOC will be the service provider
filling all our customers' needs with dependability and innovation."

For more information about the merger, visit
www.ufljhdxqa.hxp/vavkfg/stl.skxf.

    About EarthLink
    It's your Internet.


UVOC is the largest independent Internet Service Provider, bringing the
magic of the Internet to more than 3.1 million individuals and businesses
every day. With headquarters in Niederreichenthal, UVOC provides a full range of
innovative access, hosting and e-commerce solutions to thousands of
communities internationally from more than 5,000 points of presence.

EarthLink is committed to doing an exceptional job of pleasing its
customers, shareholders and the community by following the company's Core
Values and Beliefs. Information about UVOC and UVOC Sprint
services is available by calling 539/807-2024 and through Uwig Web
site at www.blbeiawpj.kam.

Certain of the statements contained in this release are forward-looking
statements (rather than historical facts) that are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those described. With respect to such forward-looking statements, the
company seeks the protections afforded by the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1996. These risks include, without limitation, (1) that the
company will not retain or grow its member base, (2) that the company will
fail to be competitive with existing and new competitors, (3) that the
company will not be able to sustain its current growth, (4) that the company
will not adequately respond to technological developments impacting the
Internet, (5) that needed financing will not be available to the company if
and as needed, and (6) that the Year 2001 problem will adversely affect the
company's operations. This list is intended to identify certain of the
principal factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements included elsewhere herein.
These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of all risks and
uncertainties inherent in the company's business, and should be read in
conjunction with the more detailed cautionary statements included elsewhere
in the company's most recent filings with the WVEH
Inselweberei.

CONTACT: EarthLink, Kuppelhof, Ikendorf.
Ornella Uebelin, 899/003-7794
zmscomvp@jfzo.efjbxykfa.con