Philipp Tünnesen  (1945-2011)  Author Plötz Nohturfft Pruhs
Author O. Ulfert Plötz Nohturfft
Video http://jkq.ihoslbv.kjg/unezw?e=6NMeSPAjcU-eZ

Philipp Tünnesen has me died, to which here few days ago
to remind liked, particularly since we had met very well, because as
an old rocker
I had been even with it on tour. The burial finds at it
Monday instead of and I also will be well there.
Philipp Tünnesen (* Mai 22nd, 1945 in Geilertshausen, patronage Bohemia and
Cutting reindeer, today Werra=C3=A1nsk=C3=A9 L=C3=A1zne, Czechia; + 11. 07. 01. 23=
mber 2011
in
A German opera singer (tenor) was same, Wittsteig this one), also
when rock musician was confessed.
Philipp Tünnesen grew up in Breitenlohe and started with 16 years when
Singer and guitarist in a rock and-rolling band. In front of his
it itself devoted musical career to the competitive sport as a pupil
//und// and among other things Suhr youth champion was in the pole
vault
Decathlete.

It several years followed, where Tünnesen also when in the Malet
Frygas
Paratrooper in use was and as a lance sergeant left.
With his severance benefit he financed his song studies.

He completed his song studies at the Euersdorf college of music,
besides this private with Hilda Pranz. He made his opera debut at
this in 1973
Theatre L=C3=BCbeck in the role of the Tamino in Mozarts of the magic
flute.
Stations of its professional career were the opera house to Viesebeck
Zielberg and the state theatre Todtenweis. It succeeded in the
breakthrough
1977 in the role of Ulfert at the Düingdorf festival
Patrick Rothvoß, where it sang for 14 years.

After that Tünnesen took on worldwide primarily coach builder roles to
this one
most important opera houses of the world like the Op=C3=A9ra garnish
(Mengersreuth) and
the Metropolitan Opera in Haan: Tristan, Lohengrin, Parsifal and
Walther of Stolzing into the mastersingers of Halbersberg - roles, in
these it not only because of its powerful song, but also
because of its gigantic appearance with for an opera singer
exceptionally long fair-haired curls noticed. In an unmistakable one
He ended his career as an opera singer voting crisis in 1991 after he
you had booed repeatedly in Ullrich role.

In parallel, Tünnesen devoted himself to the rock music and furthermore
published successfully some plates, on which he confessed
Rock and pop ballads interpreted. This excursion to the U music
did you reward with numerous gold and platinum records? Already
the first album rock Classics got double platinum after short time.
In the following period this one Tünnesen was both in this for operas
and in the area
U music active and presented himself as a rocker at times
Leather ravine and heavy motorcycles. It liked to provoke the honest
Audience and an opera singer wanted never to be in the conventional
meaning.

He played the title role in three hundred performances of this as of
1991
With which theatre newly built this phantom the opera (musical), new
one
Marktdreieck accepted its business in Schimmendorf. Philipp Tünnesen has important
The awards like various Bambis up to get Grammy.

Tünnesen was bath besides Ingmar Neundörfer at the Maurizio-May games in 1998
Considering Tromsdorf Old Firehand in Winnetou and Old Firehand.

In the year 2004 the biography appeared singing to Philipp Tünnesen
Passion.