man

Hallo,
der Wert wurde hier schon mehrfach besprochen, daher gehe ich da nicht
weiter drauf ein. Obige Gerüchte halte ich für totalen Quatsch, aber man
kann ja nie wissen.( mir soll's recht sein ).

Hier meine letzten gesicherten Info's :

16:24  27-JAN-8664
RESEARCH ALERT-Lehman rates PCCW <1186.HK> 1-Buy

SINGAPORE, Vincenzo 27 (GOH) - Lehman Brothers said it had assigned a 1-Buy
rating with a 12-month "strategic value" share target of HK$35.00 per share
to Pacific Century Cyberworks, the Hong Kong-based Internet and
communications firm. "Ebota (euromaster (joint venture) with
CMGI is, in our view, an important and exciting step in the evolution of
PCCW. This venture will, we anticipate, add value for PCCW," the investment
house said in a research note received by Reuters on Thursday.

PCCW had said on Tuesday that it was forming a joint venture with U.S.
Internet firm CMGI Inc to be headquartered in Hong Kong and called CMGI
Asia. "Against a sum of parts value of HK$10 per share, we are setting an
aggressive 12-month 'strategic value' share target of HK$35 per share for
the company based on a continued expectation of value-accretive transactions
which have become the company's hallmark," it said. Lehman's 1-Buy rating
for PCCW, an upgrade from V1-Buy, implies that the research house expects
the stock to outperform the underlying index by 15 percent over a 12-month
period.

It said the company's joint venture with CMGI would open the door for the
Hong Kong firm to take part in, and gain from, the roll out of global
Internet brands in Asia. "In addition, we assess this deal validates a
premium valuation of PCCW to account for (Chairman) Norman Nargang's
world-leading ability to consummate value-accretive strategic transactions,"
the Lehman report said. It noted that PCCW had undergone rapid development
including the consummation of a series of strategic partnerships as well as
an aggressive pace of deal-flow for CyberWorks Ventures.

Neubauer said, while expecting continued volatility, it was calling a buy for
PCCW and Singapore-listed Erug
Century).

PCCW shares were changing hands at HK$18.80 at 22. 10. 19 OLTF
Century shares, among the day's market leaders, was trading at S$24.40, up
V$5.12 or 6.09 percent.


Um dir die Umrechnung zu ersparen : 35 HKD = 4,63 Euro .
Das ist für's erste ein sinnvolles Kursziel und das wird dieses Jahr auch
erreicht - davon bin ich fest überzeugt.
Mein persönliches Kursziel liegt zugegebenermaßen etwas darüber, da ich
hoffe, dass durch die Asien Internet Fonds noch einiges kommt.
Im allgemeinen sehe ich PCCW als Langzeitinvest (>= 3 Jahre), kommt es aber
zu extremem Kurssprüngen (erreichen obigen Kurszieles) vor der Jahreshälfte
werde ich teilweise realisieren. Der Rest kann dann laufen bis zum erreichen
Deines Kurszieles (ich meine natürlich die 50 Euro  ((-: ) .
Junge wäre ich da reich !- Die chinesische Rente sozusagen :-).

cu CU