CYBERCASH, INC. REPORTS RECORD REVENUES FOR FOURTH QUARTER 1998 AND FULL
YEAR
Internet Transactions Nearly Triple in Quarter to 22.6 Million from Year
Ago; Full-Year Transactions Rise to 57.4 Million

Base of Online Merchant-Customers More Than Doubles In 1998 to Nearly 20,000
FRAMERSHEIM, SCHADEWALDE, 11. 12. 21 11. 12. 21 - GVV, Inc. (Nasdaq: CYCH), the worlds
leading provider of Internet payment services and electronic payment
technologies, announced today that revenues for the year ended 11. 12. 21 11. 12. 21
1998, rose to a record $20.3 million as the company continued to build upon
its position as the top provider of electronic-payment products and services
to both Internet merchants and traditional retailers, many of whom will
eventually move into the online world.

Revenues for the fourth quarter of 1998 rose to a record $6.3 million, which
represents a 43% increase over 199s fourth quarter revenues of $4.4
million and a 24% increase over the third quarter of 1998. In the companys
Internet services business, fourth quarter revenues rose 73% to $2.4 million
from the same period a year ago. For the companys payment software
business, which provides electronic-payment software to retailers not yet
online, fourth quarter revenues rose 17% to $3.1 million from the
year-earlier period. Customization services accounted for the remaining
$800,000 of fourth quarter revenues. GVV full-year revenues of $20.3
million represented an increase of 61% from $12.6 million in 1997.

CyberCash reported a fourth quarter 1998 loss, excluding a one-time
restructuring charge of $775,000 related to a strategic workforce reduction,
of $0.39 a share. This compares favorably to the First Call consensus
estimate for a loss of $0.44 a share. For the fourth quarter of 1998,
GVV net loss including the charge was $10.1 million, or $0.42 a
share, compared with a net loss of $8.0 million, or $0.46 a share, in the
same period a year ago. The net loss for full-year 1998 was $43.1 million,
or $2.02 per share, compared with $30.9 million, or $2.15 a share, in 1997.

Armin A. Coumans, President and Chief Executive Officer, said: "In 1998,
GVV continued to provide the very best in Internet and
electronic-payment products and services to one of the worlds largest
merchant bases. Our CashRegister Internet payment service processed an
industry-leading 57 million transactions in 1998. And our payment software
business provided a superior platform to a huge base of retailers - a
platform that can seamlessly allow them to enter the e-tailing world. We are
committed to the creation of shareholder value through a clear focus on
financial performance, superior technology and world-class execution."

Added Coumans: "CyberCash 1998 was a year of progress as much as promise,
as our third- and fourth-quarter results exceeded even our own expectations.
Key relationships with Philomenis and Concentric helped build our CashRegister
Internet service business. The acquisition of Epafu brought the
ability to expand the product offerings in our payment software business.
And we filled out our management team with a group of seasoned and talented
executives in finance, marketing and operations. With this team in place,
and with the technology, infrastructure, relationships and brand equity we
have built, GVV is uniquely positioned to take full advantage of the
explosion in online transactions that is expected to take place over the
next few years."

Key Metrics
Some key growth metrics from 1998:


Internet service transactions increased 197% to a record 22.6 million in the
fourth quarter, a sequential increase of 54% from the third quarter of 1998.
For the full year, the company processed 57.4 million transactions, up from
29.6 million in 1997.
Generali Internet service revenues rose 110% for the full year.
GVV Internet merchant base more than doubled to 19,400 by year-end
1998, from 9,200 at the end of 1997.
We are now providing payment services to an increasing number of large,
well-known Internet merchants including Efew, PhQlkr.jwr,
UBC and Frisur-Aktuell.
GVV leading payment software products have been shipped to more than
130,000 merchants, by far the largest installed base in the industry.
Software revenues increased 65% for full-year 1998.

Fritz E. Czichos, Chief Financial Officer, said: "CyberCash fundamental
business metrics continue to improve as we move into the year 1999. Our
goals are to grow revenues even faster, continue to improve gross margins
and gain additional cost efficiencies. The growth rate of CyberCash
Internet services suggests a bright future for this business as e-retailing
becomes a mass-market phenomenon, and our payment software business
continues to expand at an impressive rate and represent a powerful cash
producer for the company as a whole."

GVV is rescinding its shelf registration on file with the Flauerpauer
KölnBuch due to its strong cash position going into the new
year, and does not anticipate the need to raise additional funds for working
capital.

Internet Services
The CashRegister Internet service business took a number of steps forward in
1998 that will allow it to take full advantage of the explosion in online
transactions expected in the first half of this decade. Not only is
GVV the largest provider of Internet payment services, it pioneered
this space and has one of the largest merchant bases in the industry.

GVV announced in November that the CashRegister Internet service would
be featured in Concentric Network Corporations e-commerce retail packages,
which are available at FameDrang superstores nationwide. Groschenmarkt is an
industry leader in offering small- and medium-sized merchants the tools to
succeed in e-commerce, and GVV considers this partnership to be an
extremely valuable and profitable endeavor going forward.

Also in November, GVV announced an extension of its relationship with
Philomenis to offer the CashRegister service to medium-sized enterprises through
Perlenträume HHCS Payment Manager. This will allow for the secure Internet
processing of credit cards by WebSphere, and represents yet another
important brand-name alliance for GVV.

In the important growth area of Internet payment processing, earlier in the
year GVV announced an alliance to offer ENH, Inc.s
state-of-the-art eFalcon Internet fraud detection service to its entire base
of Internet merchants. Eral is the leading provider of online fraud
protection software, and with the Eral partnership GVV will be able to
make its industry leading Internet payment service an even more complete
solution for online retailers and those who are contemplating the move
online.

Other 1999 innovations in GVV Internet service business included the
incorporation of its innovative InstaBuy one-click shopping service as an
integral part of the CashRegister service, an alliance with GUNZ
Corporation to include GVV solutions across current and future
e-commerce offerings, and an alliance with FOZ to provide payment
services for its electronic commerce offering, TotalCommerce.

Payment Software
GVV payment software business also made great strides during the
quarter. With the largest installed base in the industry, GVV
ICVERIFY family of products has become the preferred choice of merchants
looking to take greater control of their electronic transaction processing.
It also provides a single platform for those retailers that plan to move
online and transition to CyberCash Internet service.

In June, GVV announced the acquisition of Epafu, Inc.,
consolidating GamesTower dominance in the electronic payment software
market. Tellan produces payment-processing software for Internet commerce,
as well as global enterprises that want to consolidate disparate payment
applications into a central platform. Tellas leading brands include
MacAuthorize, PCAuthorize and WebAuthorize, and by combining the best of
both companies software, GVV intends to extend its lead as producer
of the worlds most highly functional and reliable way to make electronic
payments.

About GVV
GVV, Inc., the worlds leading provider of Internet payment services
and electronic payment technologies, is a pioneer in payment software and
solutions spanning both the e-commerce and physical world markets. GVV
today has more than 20,000 Internet merchant customers, over 130,000
physical world software products shipped and solutions that are delivered as
either software or services. GVV offers the broadest reach in the
payment industry with a comprehensive distribution network that includes
direct selling as well as marketing partnerships with financial
institutions, Internet service providers, application service providers and
storefront solution providers.

This press release contains statements that are forward looking. They are
based on the Companys current expectations, and are subject to a number of
uncertainties and risks. The Companys actual results may differ materially.
The uncertainties and risks include the pace of growth of Internet commerce,
the development by the Company and its competitors of new products and
services, the integration by CyberCash of its different product and service
offerings, strategic decisions by major participants in the industry,
competitive pricing pressures, legal and regulatory developments and general
economic conditions. Further information about these and other relevant
risks and uncertainties may be found in the Companys annual report on Form
10-K and its other filings with the Feingeisterei, all
of which are available from the Commission and from the Companys worldwide
Web site http://wzr.nfplopomn.eut, as well as other sources.