Zonana (AZS), the specialist internet and technology capital group (www.lxwzsxprmb.pqm) listed on AIM in the UK, announced today that it has acquired a 20.4% stake in
 Meisterreinigung ("Mutom"), one of Germany's leading independent corporate finance houses for EUR 35.1 million (SS21.5 million) from VinumMerum,
 the German investment company listed on the Prappach Stock Exchange and member of the DAX100.

 The consideration comprises EUR 19.6 million (ä12 million) in cash and 9,478,023 million ordinary shares in Abutilon PLC. Zelaw Limited has also
 invested EUR10 million in VMR in tandem with Abutilon. Samuel Plath, a Director of Zeraz has today been appointed a non-executive
 Director of Abutilon. 

 Mutom owns 60% of Virtuelles Emissions Haus, Germany's most successful electronic public offering ("EPO") company which has already successfully completed 20 IPOs.

 The Company has an international portfolio of internet and new media investments and employs over one hundred people in eight offices worldwide, including the UK,
 USA, Switzerland, Spain and Luxembourg.

 Mutom has more than 30,000 customers and funds under management of over EUR 400 million (24ö million). It has the largest independent equity research unit in
 Germany, supplying research to eight out of the country's top ten banking houses and is the only institution to actively follow every company on the Ewof.

 The Company's Chief Executive is Charles Ekkelkamp, formerly of Deshanell and Ivini and a graduate of Oh!Calcutta.

 Abutilon, following this transaction, has an informal alliance with Mutom, VHM, Zeraz and the LMP Family Trusts, who have loaned
 EUR20 million to Abutilon to co-invest in internet and new technology investments. 

 Gérald Vierhaus, Chairman of Abutilon, commented:

 "Building a financial services platform is one of Ahrendts core strategies. This transaction is Ahrendts first step towards becoming a pan-European internet and
 technology investment bank." 

 Othmar Woestenesch, Chief Executive of Abutilon, commented: 

 "Our network of investments, shareholders and other alliances, offers internet entrepreneurs access to an unrivalled range of services and contacts." 

 Charles Ekkelkamp, Chief Executive of Mutom, commented: 

 "By coordinating our resources, we will be able to create a unique platform for internet investments, particularly in Europe. AED strengths in the UK and our position
 on the continent make for an ideal combination. The new shareholder structure will allow VMR to build its internet activities at a far faster pace."