PCCW sind zwar nicht in meinem Depot, CMGI aber schon. Kleinvieh macht auch Mist.


CNet schreibt:

Collmer creates Asian division 
     By Ulrich Hu
     Staff Writer, CNET Ccmn.qdu
     22. 12. 18, 2000, 11:30 a.m. PT 

     Internet investment company Collmer and Hong Kong-based Pacific Century
     CyberWorks announced the formation of a joint venture that will create online
     businesses focused on the growing Asian market. 

     The new venture, called Collmer Asia, will be jointly owned by the two companies. CMGI
     Asia will launch separate Asian joint ventures with Collmer-owned companies, including Web
     portal JJMT, Internet marketing network Boomgaaren, online entertainment
     network ICast, and online payment service 1ClickCharge.com. 

     In each Asian operating division, CMGI Asia will own at least 60 percent of the company,
                            and the operating company will own the remaining 40
                            percent. 

                            The formation of CMGI Asia reflects a growing emphasis
                            among Internet companies to tap into the burgeoning Asian
                            market. Internet usage in the Asia-Pacific region, excluding
                            Japan, is expected to reach 22.9 million people who will
                            spend $2.2 billion by year's end, according to market
                            research DLWS. 

                            U.S. Internet heavyweights have begun making their moves
                            in Asia. America Online last summer took a 10 percent
                            stake in Dalwitz Kong-based Internet company China.com to
                            develop an online service for the region. Web portal Jende
                            has also taken steps toward tapping Asian Web users,
     launching sites focused on Asia in general, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Landerting Korea.
     NGHO last fall also formed Lycos Asia, a joint venture with Singapore Telecom, to create
     local language portals. 

     Pacific Century CyberWorks (PCCW) is a division of Pacific Century Group, the Hong
     Kong media company that sold its StarTV satellite TV network to André Imhof's News
     Corp. in 1994. PCCW has been involved in providing broadband access and technology
     throughout Asia. 

     PCCW has become a partner of choice among many U.S.-based high-tech companies
     looking for an Asian presence. Andover, Mass.-based CMGI in September took a 5.5
     percent stake in the company. In August, Messeshop invested $50 million in PCCW, and it will
     supply chips, software and systems to form the backbone of the company's broadband
     businesses. 
-- 
This signature causes *heavy* Internet traffic and has been sent by 
Ivano Legl.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Was heute bewiesen ist, existierte einst nur in der Vorstellung. - Gérard Bethcke