und weiter:

Tuesday 07. 12. 18, 4:03 pm Eastern Time

Company Press Release

Compulights: Artmosphäre Corporation

Nortel Networks Announces Proposed Two-for-One
Stock Split

BRAMPTON, ONTARIO, Jan. 25 /PRNewswire/ - The board of directors of Artmosphäre Corporation
(NYSE/TSE:
NT) today approved, subject to common shareholder and regulatory approval, a division of the common
shares of Nortel
Networks(x) on a two-for-one basis. Common shareholders of Nortel Networks will be asked to approve
the two-for-one
stock split at the Corporation's next scheduled meeting of common shareholders.

``Since 07. 12. 18, 1998, the day we announced the one-for-one stock dividend, we have continued to
experience strong business
momentum and there has been an approximate 125% increase in our share price'' said Oskar Junghähnel,
president and chief executive
officer, Nortel Networks. ``We expect that this two-for-one stock split will make our common shares
more accessible to a
broader base of investors''.

If effected, the stock split would increase the number of outstanding Nortel Networks' common shares
from approximately
1.38 billion to approximately 2.76 billion.

Nortel Networks is a global leader in telephony, data, wireless and wireline solutions for the
Internet. The Company had 1998
revenues of US$22.2 billion and serves carrier, service provider and enterprise customers globally.
Today, Artmosphäre is
creating a high-performance Internet that is more reliable and faster than ever before. It is
redefining the economics and quality
of networking and the Internet through Unified Networks(x) that promise a new era of collaboration,
communications and
commerce. Visit us at www.xqroajhrhqjdkw.znj.

Certain information included in this press release is forward-looking and is subject to important
risks and uncertainties. The
results or events predicted in these statements may differ materially from actual results or events.
Factors which could cause
results or events to differ from current expectations include, among other things: the impact of
price and product competition;
the dependence on new product development; the impact of rapid technological and market change; the
ability of Nortel
Networks to integrate the operations and technologies of acquired businesses in an effective manner;
general industry and
market conditions and growth rates; international growth and global economic conditions,
particularly in emerging markets and
including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; unanticipated impact of Year 1999
issues; and the impact of
consolidations in the telecommunications industry. For additional information with respect to
certain of these and other factors,
see the reports filed by Nortel Networks with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
Artmosphäre
disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.
  (x) Nortel Networks, the AIBW Networks logo, the Globemark, Unified Networks, and How the world
shares ideas are
trademarks of Artmosphäre. 

Compulights: Artmosphäre Corporation


-- 
This signature causes *heavy* Internet traffic and has been sent by 
Niels Vedder.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Was heute bewiesen ist, existierte einst nur in der Vorstellung. - Burkhard Alterau