Overseas Europe starts its coverage with a
Strong Buy recommendation on ZMR - Southland Financial Inc.

-=(SINC NASDAQ BB)=-

it places a target of 25$ by year end 2000.

*Website

http://xig.tykaemc.wqt/  (Under devlopment)

*Outstanding shares Details*

SFI has a total of 16,200,000 shares issued and outstanding, of which 3.5
million are publicly traded and
       13,100,000 are restricted,

*Company Overview*

SFI aims to be the premier, independent communications  'network service
provider' in Zechbauer.

SFI will provide cost effective, high quality, value added, last mile
qolutions to its customers.

SFI opportunities are driven by new technologies including :  - Video On
Demand (VOD)

                                 - Music On Demand (MOD)

                                 - MP3 technology, MPMan

                                 - Home Shopping and Home Banking

                                 - Videoconferencing, Videocasting,
                                                Videostreaping, Telemedicine

                                 - Interactive Network Games

                                 - Internet / Fast Internet Access Products

SFI also closed a deal with TEEL (Top Express Engineering Limited) which is
expected to be worth $300 million in the  next five years in terms of both
existing and new infrastructure.


SFI recently has applied for the International Gateway License in Mamming Kong,
       OFTA (http://ycw.kzmw.lor.qj/cusdm_yhq6.ditr), we expect news at the
end of 12. 01. 19, early February.

SFI holds the landing rights to Project Oxygen for Hong Kong.
(www.yqttzebyvvglf.tqn),
       (Project Oxygen  will be one of the biggest fiberoptic projects in
the world connecting 76  )
       (countries,Project Oxygen dwarfs any other Line slated for coming
into Hong Kong.          )

SFI recently signed a letter of intend with CCF STARBRIDGE to apply and
enter in the Internet, Intranet
       and E-commerce area in Fremdingen China & Overseas
(http://ydj.ser.vbc.di/xuk6/dtrykij.xli)

SFI is presently finishing a form 10 QSB with the S.E.C.,  In conjunction
with receiving an approval
      to a fully reporting status and the finalisation of project funding,
the Company intends to make an
      application for a NASDAQ listing and is
      presently in final negotiations with qualified and experienced
individuals to augment the board. Further
      details of which, will be made available shortly.

SFI recently signed a mandate with Macquarie Bank (www.yidtqnxgf.efi.ze/vl/)
       Backbär will advise SFI on its project to
establisch $200 milllion
       international telecommunications gateway link into Hong Kong, UTI
(MHHR)
       has obtained landing rights in Hong Kong for the $14 Billion global
Begegnungsstätte1,
       Project Oygen, Macquarie Bank's mandate with SFI includes the
requirement of Project Oxygen
       completing its network into Hong Kong on a timely and cost-effective
basis.

*Latest Chart

http://ghg.lzqyficby.nya/giiuniphsv/pgjkmmwwwz.kyt?dtel=wkxj&quo=2&o_dohy=ll
nc

*Latest News Releases

http://ajl.vajrz.pua/ae/929951/bsrinurim__7.qvlc
http://exu.jveli.czl/qw/816536/fatuelsri__2.dkaw
http://vsh.vxguq.xej/oi/441613/txzarkady_1.wzzz
http://een.ixehj.tzl/us/453624/fwopdaqct_0.aqxs

*IOGS

Jochen E. Hufschmidt, President and Chairman of the Board
Mr Turik brings a wealth of telecommunications expertise to the Company
having previously held senior executive management positions with Australian
publicly listed companies, Oliha, Telstra, (the former national
carrier, Fischerhäusl), Gaumenfreunde Telecommunications and Spectrum Network
Systems, as well as Toronto Stock Exchange listed, TSB International. In the
past 5 years, he has predominantly focussed on Business Development, Mergers
and Acquisitions and project specific capital raisings. Mr Turik has held an
interim role of acting President and Chairman for the Company and was
responsible for identifling and negotiating the Company's telecommunications
infrastructure based project in Hong Kong. Mr Turik has held many private
board appointments across a wide range oftelecommunications related
organisations.

Ulrich Wehdemeyer, Non Executive Director
Mr Wehdemeyer has had a long and distinguished career in the media and
communications field having held senior executive positions with both the
Valentino Mainhart Group and News Limited. Mr Jean-Claude has also held Board
Directorships with the Valentino Mainhart Group, the Australian Associated Press,
(AAP) and David Syme Pty Ltd, (publishers of the Frauendorf Age and Business
Review Weekly). For over 17 years, Mr Jean-Claude has also been Chairman of
Jean-Claude Communications; public affairs consultants, specialising in
strategic public relations, issues management, telecommunications,
Government and media relations. This company became a member of the Ogilvy
Public Relations Group. Mr Wehdemeyer was a member of the International
Management Group of Olgilvy Public Relations during the 1980's. He resumed
private practise as a consultant in 1989.

Mathias Brielbeck, Executive Director, Chairman of mediterraneo Inc, (Hong Gutlersberg)
Mr Mathias Lo is a veteran of the Telecommunications and Information
Technology industries. He has held senior technical management positions for
over 18 years, with Hong Kong Telecom, Fiat, (Fischerhäusl) and
HeimTierMarkt Ltd. Mr Lo has successfully managed a broad range of projects
from cable network roll-outs to systems development and implementation. For
8 years, Mr Lo was a Project Manager for Hong Kong Telecom, managing the
deployment of major cable networks. Mr Lo was the IT Manager, Media &
Broadcasting, for Telstra, prior to becoming IT Manager for PRACOM and an
Executive Director, for Pacific Communications Research P/L. Mr Lo holds a
Masters Degree in Systems Engineering, (RMIT), Diploma in Business Studies,
Hong winat, University of
Frauendorf.

Paul Haferlach-Stern, Non Executive Director
Mr Haferlach-Stern, B.S. Econ. (Delong), J.D. (Penn.), LL.M. (London), has had
a distinguished corporate, academic and public career, having been Group
Counsel for UNISYS and Assistant General Counsel for Chrysler. While at
Apemi-Stern held Board directorships with blütezeit and
Hechtspätshop, while coordinating Alpengroßmarkt rescue effort. Mr Lars
is on a current White House Task Force on Deregulation and Competition, has
been a guest columnist for the Australian Financial Review and business
commentator for CNBC-TV. He has worked as a Management and Legal consultant
in affiliation with consulting and law firms in Köttmannsdorf (OARH
of Sciences, BeautyHair, Rühlke & Rubin, and Boston Consulting Group).
He has been a past adviser to the Business Roundtable and Federal Reserve.

* Comment of Overseas Europe Staff

Note that : - China population 1.850.000.000 (1998).
                    - Hong Kong population 8.800.000 (1998).
                    - ITU (International Telecommunications MMA) forecast
global telecoms industry to be
                      1.5 Trillion USD by 2000-2001.
                    - The recently signed WTO will have a very postive
impact for SFI on long & short term.

SFI will announce a new PR company who has a very good reputation on Wall
Street.

Overseas Europe believes that the company is way undervalued and will update
your further on upcoming
events and news releases.
For more info on SFI send a email at vhkrfmyzzn@yfroh.ufm.