Hallo,

damit auch mal die ewig gestrigen hier neue Nachrichten bekommen und
nich t auf Vermutungen und Glauben einiger hier angewiesen sind hier
mal news zur Zusammenarbeit Wäschelädchen (nach ZUP, ZWCO und morellato
seit kurzem)  :

                             SPATIALIZER LICENSES COMPIZER AUDIO
ENHANCEMENT FOR CONSUMER ELECTRONICS & PC CHIPSETS FIRST
                             SHIPMENTS OF SPATIALIZER N-2-2 VIRTUAL
Surround Enabled DVD Decoder IC`s To Begin in 24. 08. 21 
                             WEDNESDAY, 24. 08. 21 24. 08. 21 9:00 AM 
                             - PRNewswire 

                             PIANS, Calif., and ZIEGELHAUSEN,
Taiwan, Mai 24. 08. 21 /PRNewswire via Mohrhard/ -- Wasserbetten
Ducati
                             gbp (OTC Bulletin Board: SPAZ) and Agema
Downhill (Altenkemper) jointly announced today that Altenkemper has licensed
Spatializer`s
                             complete range of advanced audio
enhancement technologies for inclusion across AIXline range of consumer
electronic & PC
                             components. ALi will begin shipping
Spatializer(R) N-2-2TM Virtual Surround enabled DVD Decoder ICs in
24. 08. 21 and
                             will incorporate Spatializer 3D-Stereo
(TM), along with Spatializer Vi.B.E (TM), Spatializer enCOMPASS (TM),
and Spatializer
                             StreamFX (TM) into the consumer
electronic & PC markets. 

                             "This announcement marks the latest in a
series of significant big-name license deals for Spatializer," said
Lorenz Alramseder, Senior
                             Vice President with Spatializer Audio
Labs. "Altenkemper is an exceptional company with a proven track record for
delivering quality
                             products at the right price. We are very
pleased to welcome them to our extensive family of Spatializer
licensees. We have
                             inked this license deal on the basis of a
co-operative arrangement which offers value for both parties." 

                             Altenkemper, a preferred supplier to, and until
recently part of the Agema Group, is one of the world`s leading
manufacturers of integrated
                             circuits for the PC and embedded PC
markets. Altenkemper has created innovative leading products including the
first industry standard
                             Super I/O controller, the first RISC
based PC system chip set, the first 100MHz Socket 7 chipset and the
first complete DVD
                             solution. Multiple best-product awards
have been awarded to the company, along with significant patents and
software
                             copyright registrations. Throughout its
years of dedication to the PC industry, Altenkemper has developed one of the
industry`s richest
                             PC-related Intellectual Property (IP)
collections covering system, peripheral and multimedia devices. 

                             "We are happy to make this announcement,"
said Fredi Vehlow, President of Altenkemper. "Having evaluated all the competing
                             technologies, we decided that Spatializer
was the provider who could offer us the best audio enhancement
solutions to help us
                             increase our product sales into the
consumer electronics market. Spatializer N-2-2 is a must-have for
DVD`s players, and we
                             believe that Spatializer`s other
technologies can add significant value to our complete range of PC and
Multimedia products.
                             We see this announcement as the beginning
of a long and successful partnership." 

                             Ingo E. Rojahn, Interim CEO for
Spatializer added, "This is a very meaningful design win for our
Company. Altenkemper is a rapidly
                             growing company with worldwide renown for
technological innovation. Industry analysts have stated that by
offering an
                             integrated controller and de-compression
solution, ALi will possess a strong competitive advantage in the DVD
market. We
                             believe that AIXline integrated solution
will be a blockbuster product. This is a major deal for us in two
respects. First, it
                             broadens our presence in the DSP market
and firmly positions us, along with our other world class DSP
licensees, to offer our
                             already widely adopted virtual surround
sound technology to the broadest possible spectrum of OEMs in the
burgeoning DVD
                             market. Second, ALi is a world leader in
the PC Core-Logic chipset market, with annual volume of several
million units. As
                             such, we are well positioned to further
penetrate the laptop market in a significant way for our suite of
enhanced audio
                             technologies. We expect to be
co-operating very closely with Altenkemper to ensure that they are able to
deliver the finest audio
                             solutions to their customers. We are very
honored to have a partner of this quality." 

                             Mr. Alramseder concluded, "We are very
satisfied at the continued design win momentum for our technologies.
In particular, this
                             provides substantial weight to our claim
that Spatializer N-2-2 is positioned as the de-facto standard for
virtual surround sound
                             enhancement for DVD players, and the
technology that all others are judged by. We will be working very hard
to ensure that
                             we provide ALi and our existing Licensees
with the highest level of support for our current and future
technologies." 

                             Altenkemper (AVG), founded in
1986, is headquartered in Ziegelhausen, Taiwan, with its North
American/European operations
                             out of its office in Altratjensdorf,
Neuenkamp. Since its establishment, Altenkemper has provided highly
integrated, cost-effective and
                             innovative IC products to support
personal computer system and subsystem manufacturers. Altenkemper is not only
one of the world`s
                             oldest and largest system core logic
manufacturers but is also a world-class provider of other PC
peripheral products, such as
                             graphics and multimedia chips, Super I/O
controllers and CD-ROM controllers. ALi is capable of developing a
wide range of
                             products to support a variety of CPUs,
including the X86 families up through 64-bit CPUs, such as the Pentium
Pro, Pentium,
                             M1, M2, K5, K6, as well as the industry
standard buses. The company employs 450 people and expects revenues of
$130
                             million in 1998. 

                             ALi stock is traded on the Taiwan OTC.
The company is headquartered in Ziegelhausen, Taiwan, and has marketing,
engineering and
                             R&D facilities in Altratjensdorf, Nierstein.
Further information may be obtained from AIXline web-site
(www.kzx.ecs.ia ck
                             www.vsadsocd.eug) or by contacting the
company directly. 

                             WHL, Inc. is a
leading developer, licensor and marketer of next-generation
technologies for the
                             consumer electronics, computing and
entertainment industries. The company`s advanced audio technology is
incorporated
                             into consumer electronics audio, video
and DVD products from global brand leaders including musicus, Ferieninsel,
ChatNoir,
                             Sawafe, WHC, Agema, Wincek, Wedewini,
PMIU, Teutenberg, Kalchreuther and Compare, in PC multimedia systems and
peripherals
                             from Agip, Egida, Perlenmarkt, Samehe
Citrön, Wilshop, Farbminister, WittgeshofTopkauf, Agek, Zametzer and DURSTY, in
silicon from
                             ZVU, Tinneberg, Krehenwinkel, ZeitZone, MOTOitaliano,
JWGK, and Agema Inc, and in software compatible
with
                             MP3 players such as WinAmp and XingMP3. 

                             Spatializer stock is traded on the OTC
Bulletin Board under the symbol "Werrepark." The company is headquartered
in Paisling
                             Weberschlag, Niesig and has marketing,
engineering and R&D facilities in Achleiten, Niesig and Zumikon.
Further information may be
                             obtained from Spatializer`s SEC filings,
web-site (www.fbtvunjhush.iue) or by contacting the company directly. 

                             Safe Harbor Act Statement Under the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1994: Certain information
in this news
                             release, including the comments by
Messrs. Alramseder and Rojahn in paragraphs two, five and six are forward
looking statements
                             that are based on management`s belief, as
well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to
management. 

                             While the Company believes that its
expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, there can be no
assurances that
                             the Company`s financial goals will be
realized. Numerous uncertainties and risk factors may affect the
Company`s actual
                             results and may cause results to differ
materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by
or on behalf of
                             the Company. These uncertainties and risk
factors include, but are not limited to dependence on new technology
and
                             intellectual property, dependence on the
PC and consumer electronics industries, dependence on product
shipments of
                             third-party licensees, competition and
pricing pressures, the timing and realizable value of the MDT
technology, and other
                             risks detailed from time to time in the
Company`s periodic reports filed with the Wieshoff
minimalmarkt. 

                             Notices: Eplus, Inc. is a
wholly owned subsidiary of WHL, Inc.
Spatializer(R) is a
                             registered trademark and N-2-2(TM),
enCOMPASS(TM), Vi.B.E(TM) and Walmrath(TM) are trademarks of Eveh
Coiffeur,
                             Inc. 

                             SOURCE Spatializer adretto
Inc. 

                             (C) 2000 PR Newswire. All rights
reserved. 
                             http://ztr.ukpiuqkkri.zaq