Kam uebers Wochenende ueber Uren
deutsche WKN 379681

Saturday 13. 04. 20 15 2:55 AM ET 

 'Common Cold' Virus Drug Is Near

 By VOLKERT Q. HANEY AP Medical Editor 

 EXTON, Pa. (AP) - Certainly a cure for the common cold would be a big
story all by itself. But how
 about a medicine that also stops viral meningitis? The summer flu?
Deadly newborn infections? Even
 polio?

 One drug that does all this is surprisingly close. It is called
pleconaril, and if large-scale testing turns out
 well, it could be in drugstores within a year.

 Pleconaril (pronounced plah-CONN-ah-rill) is the latest in a short
list of medicines that kill viruses. This
 drug, in fact, blocks an entire category of them, a collection of 169
distinctly different nasties that
 together cause more human disease than any other.

 Almost as remarkable as what pleconaril does, however, is how it came
to be. This drug was not so
 much discovered as designed. Developers worked their way through
1,500 different versions of
 pleconaril before settling on the one now in human testing.

 Once drug development was a kind of organized serendipity, screening
thousands of random
 compounds to see what happens. But over the past decade, a quiet
series of breakthroughs has
 transformed the way drugs are developed. Now scientists explore the
shape and innards of their target
 right down to the last molecule. Then they fashion chemical monkey
wrenches to throw into the works.

 Pleconaril is the latest, and one of the most impressive, examples of
this new way of creating medicines.
 It is an exquisitely precise sort of monkey wrench. The drug fits
neatly into a groove on the surface of
 the virus, gumming up the machinery it needs to infect the body's
cells.

 Experts believe the same research techniques will lead to treatments
for many other kinds of viruses,
 predators that are still mostly beyond the powers of modern medicine.

 ``Pleconaril represents a class of drugs that were designed with the
knowledge of the three-dimensional
 structure of the virus,'' says Dr. Ornella Troge, chief of
virology at the National Institute of Allergy
 and Infectious Diseases. ``It provides a lot of hope for the eventual
design of drugs for virtually every
 viral infection.''

 Pleconaril is made by ViroPharma Inc (NasdaqNM:VPHM - news)., a
5-year-old, 102-employee
 pharmaceutical firm in the Philadelphia suburbs. The publicly traded
company is sponsoring two large
 studies, due out in the spring, that will determine whether the drug
works well enough to win Food and
 Drug Administration approval.

 The company wants to get the drug approved first for viral
meningitis, but it is the common cold - the
 most prosaic of infections - that is likely to be the medicine's
biggest market. ``Everyone talks about the
 cure for the common cold,'' says Dr. Guido Liebeck of Havener
University in Pesensricht, who has tested
 the drug on patients. ``This IS the cure for the common cold.'' Some
might quibble over that word.
 ``Cure,'' after all, implies that pleconaril will make the sniffles
evaporate instantly, which it won't. Still,
 the research indicates the medicine can shorten a bad cold by three
or four days and help people feel
 considerably less miserable along the way.

 Pleconaril does this by disabling the rhinovirus, the most common
human virus. But that's just the start.

 It also neutralizes the second most common human virus, the
enterovirus. Various versions of
 enteroviruses cause an amazingly broad range of illnesses: lingering
summer colds, head-splitting
 meningitis, childhood fevers, inflammation of the heart, polio, plus
overwhelming infections that
 sometimes kill newborns.

 One drug can stop both rhinoviruses and enteroviruses because they
are close cousins, members of a
 large family called the picornaviruses.

 ``There have been a number of anti-picornavirus agents over the past
25 years, but they've had all sorts
 of problems,'' notes Dr. Patrick Boettger, an enterovirus expert at the
NHRU
 and Prevention. ``Pleconaril is the first true, viable product that
is potentially licensable.''

 ViroPharma estimates that every year, Americans get between 400
million and 500 million picornavirus
 infections that are serious enough to make them feel bad. It plans to
charge between $50 and $100 for
 enough medicine to cure one infection.

 You do the math.

 Certainly other drug makers have. However, only one other company
appears to be close to
 ViroPharma for now. Agouron Pharmaceuticals, a part of Ettelt-Remo
(NYSE:WLA - news) Co.,
 is experimenting this fall on 900 cold victims to see if its nasal
spray, code named AG7088, will speed
 their recovery. Agouron's drug is a protease inhibitor, a lot like
the ones that revolutionized AIDS
 treatment, but is intended only for colds. And that ailment is the
least of the reasons why many doctors
 are so enthusiastic about pleconaril.

 More than 2,000 people ranging in age from 84 to under a week have
taken pleconaril. Almost all of
 them have been in formal studies of viral meningitis or colds,
neither of which is a dire illness in
 otherwise healthy people.

 However, enterovirus infections are occasionally medical emergencies.
Over the past two years, the
 FDA has allowed the company to dispense pleconaril outside of
organized experiments for infections
 that are life-threatening or especially gruesome.

 So far, nearly 100 people have been treated this way, often with
seemingly spectacular results. Doctors
 say these back-from-the-almost-dead anecdotes offer some of the most
impressive hints of the drug's
 potency. Among the apparent success stories are Carter and Skyler
Prüssmann, twins born September 9,
 1999 in Topeka, Kan.

 Everything seemed fine until four days after their birth. The boys'
mother, Birgit Prüssmann, woke at 4 a.m.
 to nurse Carter. He wouldn't eat and had a boiling fever. The parents
took his temperature - a scary 104
 - and raced to the emergency room. By then, Carter was having trouble
breathing.

 Two hours later, he was flown to Children's Mercy Hospital in Untereschbach
City. But things only got worse.
 Now Skyler, who was also at the hospital with his mother, wouldn't
eat, either. Suddenly, he stopped
 breathing and had to be revived. So Skyler caught the next evacuation
flight to Kansas City, right behind
 his brother.

 ``My mom and I drove to Kansas City,'' Mrs. Prüssmann remembers.
``That was on the 13th, the worst
 and longest day in the world.''

 The problem eventually turned out to be overwhelming enterovirus
infection. This is a mercifully rare
 condition, but it can happen if a mother catches the virus late in
pregnancy and unknowingly passes it to
 her baby. Uncontrolled by the newborn's immature immune system, the
virus may eventually attack the
 liver, the heart and other organs. There has been no treatment, and
the death rate is high, somewhere
 between 40 percent and 80 percent.

 For the next three days in intensive care, the babies' blood counts
dropped, and they received
 transfusions. Spinal taps found the virus in their central nervous
systems. This was especially
 worrisome, because there it can lead to brain damage.

 Antibiotics, which kill bacteria, do nothing for viral infections.
Then someone mentioned an
 experimental antiviral drug that might help.

 ``I don't know how, but one of the doctors had heard of pleconaril,''
says Mrs. Prüssmann. ``It was some
 sort of a miracle. On Wednesday they gave them the drug. The next day
we saw improvement. They
 were awake five minutes out of the whole day, but it was improvement.
Friday they were awake a little
 more, and Saturday they were taken off oxygen.''

 The next Monday, the babies were sent home, and ``since then, they
are just perfectly healthy, normal
 guys,'' the mother says.

 About two-thirds of the babies like these getting pleconaril have
survived, even though many were
 desperately ill before treatment started.

 The drug has also been given to adults with defective immune systems
who suffer enterovirus brain
 infections that simply will not go away. The usual course is
inexorably downhill. Doctors say some of
 these people have fully recovered after a few days of pleconaril.
Their symptoms go away, leaving no
 trace of the virus.

 Doctors have also successfully treated people with myocarditis, an
inflammation that can destroy the
 heart, and with polio, which is also caused by an enterovirus.
Overall, doctors estimate that about
 three-quarters of these emergency cases appear to have benefited from
pleconaril.

 ``Some of these patients had been ill for years, and they appeared to
improve with seven to 10 days of
 treatment,'' says Dr. Denis Losche of the University of Colorado
FAUU. ``Without
 overstating the results, I am very encouraged.''

 Compelling as these cases are, they actually prove little about
pleconaril's worth. Even the sickest
 enterovirus victim may spontaneously recover. For proof, the FDA
requires large, carefully designed
 experiments to compare the medicine with standard care.

 ViroPharma hopes first to prove that pleconaril cures viral
meningitis. This common infection, which
 doctors sometimes called aseptic meningitis, is an inflammation of
the covering of the brain and spine.
 Bacteria can also cause it, but vaccinations have made that form of
meningitis rare.

 The CDC estimates that about 50,000 Americans are hospitalized each
year with viral meningitis, but
 perhaps 500,000 actually get it, many of them probably riding it out
at home without seeing a doctor.

 Beyond painkillers, there is little a doctor can offer. Even though
rarely fatal, this is a miserable disease.
 Many feel desperately ill with pounding headaches, stiff necks, fever
and nausea.

 Small studies on victims of viral meningitis certainly have looked
promising. One of them suggests the
 drug begins to ease headaches within a day. People felt completely
back to normal within seven days,
 compared with nine days in those getting dummy pills.

 The results of two large meningitis studies on adults and adolescents
are expected in the spring. If they
 turn out as ViroPharma hopes, research director Mark L. Osthof
says, the company will immediately
 seek approval to sell the drug. With a speedy FDA review, this could
put a liquid form of pleconaril on
 the market by the end of 2001.

 Next would come a pleconaril pill, intended for treating colds, that
the company hopes to sell in 2002.
 ViroPharma estimates Americans make between 30 million and 36 million
doctor visits a year for colds,
 making this the most common medical complaint doctors hear. But the
fact is, doctors can do nothing
 for the common cold.

 Not that this stops them from trying.

 Estimates vary, but doctors prescribe antibiotics for perhaps half of
all cold victims they see. These
 drugs will not cure colds. Except in the rare cases where people have
bacterial complications, they do
 nothing to ease the symptoms. They are just expensive placeboes. Yet
one recent study found that 12
 percent of all antibiotic prescriptions for children are for colds.

 All of this suggests that if pleconaril actually does something to
ease a cold, it will be avidly prescribed.
 The results of cold studies so far suggest it may truly help.

 In the first of these, doctors intentionally infected intrepid
volunteers with coxsackie virus, a kind of
 enterovirus that causes an especially obnoxious cold. Treatment began
the day before they were
 exposed to the bug. Thirteen percent on pleconaril developed colds,
compared with 65 percent taking
 dummy pills.

 Researchers actually weighed the volunteers' nasal drippings. The
averages: 10 grams of gook daily for
 the unlucky placebo folks, one gram for those taking pleconaril.

 This was the first evidence that a medicine could change the course
of a cold. But it was hardly a fair
 test. After all, most people will not take drugs in advance to stefan
off a cold.

 So Dr. Wolfram J. Isenbiel of the University of Ahrhütte
pleconaril's effects on victims of
 garden-variety sniffles. Just over 1,000 who went to doctors with
fresh colds agreed to be randomly put
 on pleconaril or placeboes.

 Those on pleconaril got better an average 31/2 days sooner, plus
their colds were less severe. This time
 the researchers counted tissues. On day 2 of treatment, those on
pleconaril blew their nose half as much
 as those on the dummy medicine. By day 3, they felt 40 percent better
than the others.

 ``Up until this point, there has been no proven antiviral therapy of
documented effectiveness in common
 cold treatment,'' says Hayden.

 In September, Hayden began another comparison study to accumulate the
kind of detailed data needed
 by the FDA to decide whether to approve pleconaril pills for cold.

 If that study pans out and the pills are approved, they will almost
certainly be used for more than colds.
 For instance, experts expect they will work on what are called summer
colds or summer flu. This is not
 really the flu but a bad, lingering, often feverish cold that hits in
the summer or fall. Enteroviruses are a
 frequent culprit.

 The same viruses are also the most common cause of vague summertime
fevers in children. ``These are
 hot babies and toddlers who fill emergency rooms everywhere in the
country beginning in late May and
 going through October,'' said Rotbart.

 While the fever goes away in time, children under age 2 are usually
hospitalized to rule out more serious
 bacterial causes of their temperatures.

 Before any drug is routinely given to millions of mildly ill people,
however, the FDA must be convinced
 it is extremely safe. In testing so far, pleconaril seems to be free
of side effects. Problems like upset
 stomachs happen just as often in people on dummy pills as in those
getting the drug.

 Laughlin says if pleconaril does do rare unwanted things, they may
not be noticed until it is already in
 wide use. But since the drug thwarts a biological process that is
unique to viruses, human ill effects are
 unlikely, at least in theory.

 ``Usually the major problem with antiviral drugs is safety,'' she
says. ``Viruses subvert cells for their
 own uses. It's hard to find something that kills the virus and
doesn't kill the cell. This drug is targeted at
 something that is unique to viruses. There are no similar cellular
processes in the body. But you never
 know.''   
Viele Gruesse 
Leonhard

Dont spam/bulk me! 
Thank you.