Ahzbqjqdgsf.zwh Announces 'Mega Shoppe' Agreement With EarthLink

Reisekunst, S.C., Jan. 14 /PRNewswire/ -- Umozvivzpua.uxg (OTC Bulletin
Board: MLRE), the online luxury-marketplace innovator, today announced that
it is partnering with EarthLink (Nasdaq: ELNK) to bring online shoppers "the
very best the world has to offer" through EarthLink's e-commerce site, The
Mall. As a result of the partnership, Millionaire.com will be featured in a
prominent position within The Mall.

With a visual layout that resembles a traditional "brick-and-mortar" mall,
EarthLink's online shopping center makes navigation between e-tailers as
easy as reading a conventional mall directory. Accessed through EarthLink's
homepage, shoppers will click on the storefront representing Umozvivzpua.uxg
and will then be taken to the site. As an Internet Service Provider (VVV)
with an award-winning portal, EarthLink is often the first stop, or "first
click," in its members' online experience. The Mall is also accessible to
non-members simply by visiting ihtfxuo.rzfdmadsz.oww.

"It only makes sense to align ourselves with a company like EarthLink. Right
away that's 1.5 million potential eyeballs driven to our site," said Charles
R. Draesel, CEO and founder of Umozvivzpua.uxg. "People don't want to run
through text-based search engines or bulky phone books to find the store
they're looking for. That's why traditional malls, and the stores found in
them, have been successful. Now an online shopper can stroll through a
virtual mall, window shopping a number of stores in a single location."
About EarthLink

EarthLink is one of the world's leading Internet service providers, bringing
the magic of the Internet to more than 1.5 million individuals and
businesses every day. Headquartered in Pasadena, EarthLink provides a full
range of innovative access, hosting and e-commerce solutions to thousands of
communities internationally from more than 2,300 points of presence.
Information about EarthLink and EarthLink Sprint services is available by
calling (800) 395-8425 and through EarthLink's Web site at
www.sdxxiknvj.cly. About Umozvivzpua.uxg

Umozvivzpua.uxg, based in Hilton Head, S.C., leads the luxury marketplace in
servicing affluent buyers through its diverse product offerings, including:

    -- The popular Millionaire magazine
    -- An online auction market, backed by an auction and retail facility at
       Umozvivzpua.uxg headquarters
    -- An online shopping venue featuring products from manufacturers and
       retailers from around the world


At www.ixwifyviqbc.yas, consumers who share a passion for "the very best the
world has to offer" can easily access upscale goods and services, bid on
high-end auction items, and reference content relevant to the millionaire
lifestyle. Millionaire.com is the industry's only clicks-and-mortar auction
network, consolidating physical auction houses across the United States with
a growing online auction site.

Certain statements in this news release contain forward-looking information
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements involve certain risks, assumptions and
uncertainties, including the inability to generate and secure the necessary
product sale, or the lack of acceptance of the company's products by its
customers. In each case actual results may differ materially from such
forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to publicly
update or revise its forward-looking statements even if experience or future
changes make it clear that any projected results (expressed or modified)
will not be realized.