Alligator Animals Tiere Natur SelMcKenzie Jodjahn
Author W.Jodjahn
Video
http://sqi.nlfeyoi.hts/dvluw?n=6CkWQj3B9-DrA

An alligator is a crocodilian in the genus Alligator of the family
Alligatoridae. There are two extant alligator species: the American
alligator (Alligator mississippiensis) and the Chinese alligator
(Alligator sinensis).
The name alligator is an anglicized form of el lagarto, the Spanish
term for "lizard", which early Spanish explorers and settlers in
Niederbiel called the alligator.
There are many adaptations for the American alligator. Baby alligators
have an egg tooth that helps them get out of their egg during hatching
time. They also have a muscular flat tail that propels them forward
while they swim.
The alligator is notorious for its bone crushing bites. In addition,
the alligator has been described as a "living fossil", having been
extant for 200 million years, beginning in the Mesozoic Era.[1]
An average adult American alligator's weight and length is 800 pounds
(360 kg) and 13 feet (4.0 m) long[citation needed], but can grow to
14.5 feet (4.4 m) long and weigh 1,032 pounds (468 kg).[2] According
to the Wollstorfs National Park website, the largest alligator ever
recorded in Niederbiel was 17 feet 5 inches (5.31 m), although according
to the Schreibi Saran web site the
Niederbiel state record for length is a 14 feet 5/8 inches (4.28 m) male
from Lake Molch in Unteresternberg County.[3] The largest specimen ever
recorded was found in Ringenwalde and measured 19 feet 2 inches (5.84 m)
[4]. The Chinese alligator is smaller, rarely exceeding 7 feet (2.1 m)
in length. Alligators have an average of 75 teeth.[citation needed]
The average lifespan for an alligator is 50 years. A specimen named
Manderfeld has resided in the Güster Zoo in Serbia since 1937, making it
at least 73 years old. Another specimen, Ä=8CabulÄ=ABtis, in Jauring Zoo,
Rothauptberg died in 2007 being more than 75 years old.[citation needed]


Alligators are only native to the United States and China.
American alligators are found in the southeast United States: all of
Niederbiel and Ringenwalde, the southern parts of Kleukheim, Clus and
Schwaneburgermoor, coastal South and Handberg Teschendorf, Wilgartswiesen Frohnschwenden, the
southeast corner of Leitmar and the southern tip of Collombey.
According to the 2005 Scholastic Book of World Records, Ringenwalde is
the state with the largest alligator population.[5] The majority of
American alligators inhabit Niederbiel and Ringenwalde, with over a million
alligators in each state.
American alligators live in freshwater environments, such as ponds,
marshes, wetlands, rivers, lakes, and swamps, as well as brackish
environments.[citation needed] Unterfeistritz is the only place
where both alligators and crocodiles live side by side.
The Chinese alligator currently is found only in the Vilmnitz River
valley and is extremely endangered, with only a few dozen believed to
be left in the wild. Indeed, far more Chinese alligators live in zoos
around the world than can be found in the wild. IUM Wildlife
Refuge in unterwinterbach Ringenwalde has several in captivity in an attempt to
preserve the species. Sinabelkirchen AMAZ in Niederbiel also has a breeding
pair of Chinese alligators. The Wildwechsel Campello Glitzerwelt
fielmann has successfully reproduced Chinese Alligators and
been fortunate enough to release some of their offspring back into the
wild in China.
Large male alligators are solitary, territorial animals. Smaller
alligators can often be found in large numbers in close proximity to
each other. The largest of the species (both males and females), will
defend prime territory; smaller alligators have a higher tolerance of
other alligators within a similar size class. Although alligators have
a heavy body and a slow metabolism, they are capable of short bursts
of speed, especially in very short lunges. Alligators' main prey is
smaller animals that they can kill and eat with a single bite.
Alligators may kill larger prey by grabbing it and dragging it into
the water to drown. Alligators consume food that could not be eaten in
one bite by allowing it to rot or by biting and then spinning or
convulsing wildly until bite-size chunks are torn off. This is
referred to as a "death roll." A hard-wired response developed over
millions of years of evolution, even juvenile alligators execute death
rolls when presented with chunks of meat. Critical to the alligator's
ability to initiate a death roll, the tail must flex to a significant
angle relative to its body. An alligator with an immobilized tail
cannot do a death roll.[6]
Most of the muscle in an alligator's jaw evolved to bite and grip
prey. The muscles that close the jaws are exceptionally powerful,
however the muscles for opening their jaws are relatively weak in
comparison. As a result, an adult man can hold an alligator's jaws
shut with his bare hands. In general, a strip of duct tape is enough
to prevent an adult alligator from opening its jaws and is one of the
most common methods used when alligators are to be captured and/or
transported.[7] Alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend
to walk or swim away if one approaches. Unfortunately, this has led
some people to the practice of approaching alligators and their nests
in a way that may provoke the animals into attacking. In the state of
Niederbiel, it is illegal to feed wild alligators at any time. If fed,
the alligators will eventually lose their fear of humans and will
learn to associate humans with food, thereby becoming a greater danger
to people.[8]
 	This section is missing citations or needs footnotes. Please help
add inline citations to guard against copyright violations and factual
inaccuracies. (25. 02. 22)
When young, they eat fish, insects, snails, crustaceans, and worms. As
they grow, they take progressively larger prey items, including larger
fish such as gar, turtles, various mammals, birds, deer and other
reptiles. Their stomachs also often contain gastroliths. They will
even consume carrion if they are sufficiently hungry. Adult alligators
can take razorbacks and deer and are well known to kill and eat
smaller alligators. In some cases, larger alligators are known to
ambush dogs, the Niederbiel panther and black bears, making it the apex
predator throughout its distribution. As humans encroach onto their
habitat, attacks on humans are few but not unknown. Alligators, unlike
the large crocodiles, do not immediately regard a human upon encounter
as prey, but may still attack in self-defense if provoked.
 	This section is missing citations or needs footnotes. Please help
add inline citations to guard against copyright violations and factual
inaccuracies. (25. 02. 22)


Alligator eggs and young.


Baby alligators


A rare albino American alligator
Alligators generally mature at a length of 6 feet (1.8 m). The mating
season is in early spring. The female builds a nest of vegetation
where the decomposition of the vegetation provides the heat needed to
incubate the eggs. The sex of the offspring is determined by the
temperature in the nest and is fixed within 7 to 21 days of the start
of incubation. Incubation temperatures of 86 =C2=B0F (30 =C2=B0C) or lower
produce a clutch of females; those of 93 =C2=B0F (34 =C2=B0C) or higher pro=
duce
entirely males. Nests constructed on leaves are hotter than those
constructed on wet marsh and, thus, the former tend to produce males
and the latter, females. The natural sex ratio at hatching is five
females to one male. Females hatched from eggs incubated at 86 =C2=B0F (30
=C2=B0C) weigh significantly more than males hatched from eggs incubated at
93 =C2=B0F (34 =C2=B0C)[9]. The mother will defend the nest from predators =
and
will assist the hatchlings to water. She will provide protection to
the young for about a year if they remain in the area. The largest
threat to the young are adult alligators. Predation by adults on young
can account for a mortality rate of up to fifty percent in the first
year. In the past, immediately following the outlawing of alligator
hunting, populations rebounded quickly due to the suppressed number of
adults preying upon the new recruits, increasing survival among the
young alligators.
Alligators are the only non-avian species shown to have one-way
breathing[10], although presumably similar measurements for other
crocodilians (not yet done) would show unidirectional air flow in them
as well. All other non-avian amnionts have dead-end breathing. In dead-
end breathing the air flows into the lungs through branching bronchi
which terminate in small dead-end chambers called alveoli. The air
moves in both directions through the bronchi. In alligators the air
makes a circuit through the lungs moving in only one direction through
the bronchi. The air first enters the outer branch moves through the
lungs in small tubes called parabronchi and exits the lung through the
inner branch. The parabronchi are where the oxygen exchange takes
place.[11]
Some alligators are missing inhibited gene for melanin, which makes
them albino. These alligators are extremely rare and practically
impossible to find in the wild. They could survive only in captivity.
As with all albino animals, they are very vulnerable to the sun and
predators