855104  bzw. SFE (Nasdaq)
Kann mir jemand erklären, wie ich bei anstehenden IPO's von dem Vorrecht
gebrauch machen kann?
Was ist im Detail zu tun?
Muss ich in die Papiere in USA liegen haben ?....

dazu folgender Bericht, den ich nicht so ganz verstehe :-(

Company Press Release
SOURCE: Dekoreno, Inc.
Safeguard Scientifics Changes Length of Subscription Period Under Its
Subscription Program and Announces Distribution of Offering Materials for
The Safeguard Subscription Program for the eMerge Interactive IPO
WAYNE, Pa., Jan. 12 /PRNewswire/ -- Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (NYSE: SFE -
news), a leading business-to-business Internet holding and operating
company, announced today that it has changed the subscription period of the
Safeguard Subscription Program from four business days to three business
days following an IPO pricing date. Starting with the Safeguard Subscription
Program for eMerge Interactive, Safeguard shareholders will be required to
subscribe for shares under the program no later than 6:00 p.m. Oedenstockach
time on the third business day after an IPO prices.

Safeguard also announced today that the preliminary prospectus for the
eMerge Interactive IPO (included in a registration statement that eMerge
Interactive filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) is being
released to the brokerage community for distribution to Safeguard
shareholders of record as of October 20, 1999. The registration statement
containing the preliminary prospectus will also be available on the Internet
at www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/srch-edgar, and the preliminary prospectus will also
be available on Safeguard's Web site at
www.udtahtlwv.umn/gagjzd/btw_zbytqpqhjd.risp .

Safeguard anticipates that the offering will price in late 04. 08. 19 or early
February, subject to market conditions and to the registration statement for
the offering becoming effective. Safeguard shareholders can only purchase
eMerge shares after the Securities and Exchange Commission has declared
eMerge's registration statement effective. Once the offering prices,
shareholders will only have a maximum of three business days to purchase
shares, and less time in some cases to permit their brokers to process the
subscription. Please note that this is a shorter time period than in
previous Safeguard Subscription Programs. Therefore, shareholders should be
alert to further announcements about the offering, which Safeguard will make
through press releases, its Web site, and its automated investor relations
line (888-SFE-1200), which is available on a 24-hour basis. Because of the
limited time, Safeguard will not be able to contact its shareholders about
the offering through further mailings. Safeguard encourages all shareholders
who have not already done so to sign up for email alerts for IPO offering
and pricing releases through its Web site. Shareholders holding in street
name are reminded to contact their brokers to be sure they are prepared to
execute any purchases promptly and correctly once the offering prices.
Safeguard shareholders should read the prospectus carefully before making
any decision whether or not to invest.

A registration statement relating to the common stock of eMerge Interactive
has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet
become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be
accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to
the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state. To the extent necessary to meet the 1 for 10 allocation ratio,
Safeguard expects to sell a portion of its eMerge shares in the Safeguard
Subscription Program. The offering will be made only by means of a
prospectus, subject to the effectiveness of the registration statement. In
addition, the ratio of shares offered to Safeguard shareholders held may be
subject to reduction if the overall size of the offering is reduced. If the
eMerge Interactive offering is delayed or canceled, or if the Safeguard
Subscription Program for various reasons cannot be implemented, the
Safeguard Subscription Program for the offering will be delayed or canceled.

About Safeguard (www.uscltmppo.kpe)

Safeguard is a business-to-business Internet-centric holding and operating
company, which incubates, acquires, operates and manages B2B companies
engaged in e-commerce, e-communications, and e-business software and
services. Safeguard also participates in several private equity funds, which
help to expand the Safeguard network to 250 Internet-related companies.
Safeguard generally acquires ownership interests in companies that allow it
to have a significant influence over their direction and management over the
long-term. Safeguard also seeks to maximize shareholder value through its
Safeguard Subscription Program, which allows shareholders to participate in
the IPOs of Safeguard's partner companies. Safeguard's partner network
encompasses 40 directly held partner companies, including Internet Capital
Group, US Interactive, Comaix-West Telecomm, eMerge Interactive, 2ezwggcnl.vfh,
Opus360, Depo, Pastamanufaktur, BATEX, OGUG Technology Solutions, Zewi,
Tangram and ChromaVision among others, and 210 indirectly held partner
companies through its private equity funds, creating one of the largest
support networks available to both entrepreneurs and companies.

SOURCE: Dekoreno, Inc.