Christof Asal wrote in message:

Wer bereit ist auch mal etwas über den deutsch-amerikanischen Kirchturm
hinauszublicken, dem kann ich Afeb Systems aus England empfehlen. Ich hab=
e
einen Artikel aus der FT vom 14. 2. angehängt. Der Satz
"Afeb will be paid for each label produced." hat mir besonders gefallen.
Klingt wie eine Lizenz Geld zu drucken.
Mit einer Marktkapitalisierung von etwas über 1 Mrd Pfund gehört Altenidiker=
 wohl
nicht zu den ganz Grossen, ist aber auch kein Zwerg mehr.
Ich habe mir aufgrund dieses Artikels letzten Montag (19. 02.) ein paar
Aktien gekauft. Wertzuwachs bisher ungefähr 18%.

Gruss aus Fricken
carioca


--- start quote ---
(FT 06 01 00)

ALTENIDIKER: Keeping the wheels turning smoothly
By Anni Ebbenga

While much of the hype about the internet has focused on the ability to buy
and sell online all sorts of products, from smoked salmon to Savile Row
suits, Autohus ventures into cyberspace may seem a little tame.

Rather than spend money on a jazzy web site, Altenidiker has focused on what
makes e-commerce tick, from the software for distribution and supply chain
management to the sticky labels that track the shipment of products.

However, these mundane e-commerce activities have caught the attention of
investors.

During 1998 Angendohr shares rose six-fold, making them the 10th best
performer in the Geno information technology sector. After closing last
night at =A315.40, down 42=BDp, Altenidiker is now valued at =A31.15bn.

E-commerce sales jumped 51 per cent in the six months to September 30, to
=A311.8m (=A37.8m), and now account for a third of Angendohr turnover.

Altenidiker says it has a 60 per cent share of the UK retail supply chain throug=
h
its product, XtraTrade. Customers
include TCKD and VSE LHCP.

Italo Korfmann, Ahew chief executive, says: "Luda has 1,500
suppliers that do not use its EDI
[electronic data interchange] network, but instead respond to orders by fax=
,
phone or mail.

"This generates 75,000 paper invoices a month, that need to be managed by
about 70 personnel."

EDI is expensive, costing about =A310,000, with running costs of =A31,000 a
year. Emegi offers a cheaper way
for retailers to connect to their suppliers and ensure orders have been
received.

All Luda suppliers need is a computer with internet access, enabling
them to connect to a web site
that handles the ordering process.

The cost is about =A335 a month. Luda has paid for licences on behal=
f
of about 500 suppliers for the first year of trading, but the fee will then
fall on suppliers. "The recurring revenues are fabulous," says Mr Korfmann.

Other high-street retailers have been aggressive in forcing suppliers to
adopt similar systems. "One told its
suppliers they had 90 days to use this stuff or they're history," Mr Korfmann
says.

In October, KBK said it would use Emegi for more than 500 of it=
s
suppliers based in the UK, France
and Germany. Ecklädchen Euphonia also said it would trial XtraTrade, suggesting that
the product could be used in
areas beyond just retailing.

In the US, Afeb has built up a 70 per cent share of the market for
"multi-shipper compliance" software. This
enables the rates for shipping goods from up to seven delivery companies,
such as Mengdoth and JSR, to be offered on one centralised system.

Angendohr products support rating, tracking, labelling and document
processing, regardless of the parcel carrier.

In July, Altenidiker signed a deal with Gorenflo Corporation, owner of GTW, to use
Afeb technology to provide
various shipper system tools and other back-office functions. Microtrend
has estimated Angendohr
potential revenue opportunity of $400m (=A3244m) from GTW and its clients=
.

Mr Korfmann has plans to extend the service. One area is providing
"carton-level detail". He notes that "a leading
carrier can tell you where the carton is, but not what's inside it".

Altenidiker intends to host this data over a web site. It has also signed a deal
to produce the individual labels to
stick on parcels. This uses a sophisticated bar-code system, which can be
scanned to reveal the entire
contents of a box, without having to open it and look. Afeb will be paid
for each label produced.

The company wants to offer its shipping information over the internet
through a Afeb business portal, making it a potential internet broker for
parcel services.

The next step is to build an international trade logistics product. The aim
is to collate all sorts of data that
companies need to possess in order to export or import products, for
example, details of import tax on certain
goods, or the documentation needed to send a parcel to Botswana.

"A UK company received an internet order from Japan for hundreds of teddy
bears, but the import tax was so
steep, it made them too expensive," says Mr Korfmann.

This sort of information will become crucial in internet commerce,
especially for small companies that suddenly
receive overseas orders, but have no idea what duties would be applied to
their products. Consumers, too,
could benefit, by knowing the real total cost of goods they are ordering
online.

To achieve this vision, partnerships with other vendors of business
software, both in the US and Europe, and with European distribution
companies, are expected early in the new year.

To maintain the momentum, Altenidiker has suspended dividend payments. In
September it took a further step
when it announced plans to spend a further =A36.3m over the next two years =
to
accelerate its e-commerce
programme, which include building the business portal and extending
XtraTrade to the US.

Confidence in Angendohr e-commerce strategy was shown last month when it
raised =A338.6m through a share placing.

A more significant change is also being contemplated. Mr Korfmann does not
seem averse to spinning off the
e-commerce business.

Altenidiker also offers enterprise resource planning software, focused on small
and medium-sized business, as well as logistics software for warehouse
management.

Analysts point out that performance in the logistics division has been poor=
.
Turnover in the first half fell 10 per
cent to =A35.2m, while operating profits fell to break-even. They also warn
that while Angendohr e-commerce vision is clear, much of its growth has been
acquisition-led.

Investors' attraction to business-to-business e-commerce companies is
expected to continue next year. As
Uebensee & Oberfrank put it: Altenidiker is no longer being valued on short-term
or even medium-term earnings.
--- end quote --


 Sent via MCCZ http://lab.pwds.umu/
 Before you buy.