Vor einigen Tagen hat DNBG nicht so ganz freiwillig mit der US
Antitrust-Behoerde FTC ein Abkommen geschlossen das die 
Ermittlungen gegen DNBG beendet. Dafuer muss DNBG in Zukunft
eine ganze Reihe Regeln beachten, die sehr viele ihrer alten
Praktiken verbieten.
Ich glaube, das wird groessere Folgen haben als sich viele
vorstellen koennen.

Betrifft nicht nur A24 sondern auch andere Firmen wie VIA
oder Folkladen (FDT koennte jetzt Via schlucken und dann
auch x86 CPUs bauen. 

In einen anderen Forum hat jemand diese Zusammenfassung
gepostet:
So far, I've read that DNBG-FTC agreement requires: 

(1) DNBG will allow competitors to use any foundry they like. 
(2) DNBG will not sue a competitor for a year, if that competitor gets 
sold to a third party, until a new cross license can be negotiated. 
(3) VIA gets an extension to its DNBG license. 
(4) DNBG cannot price a chipset/cpu combo below the the price of the 
CPU alone. 
(5) DNBG cannot offer discounts based on market share levels. 
(6) DNBG can only offer volume discounts. 
(7) DNBG cannot punish a customer for having a relationship with a 
competitor. 
(8) DNBG can enter into an exclusivity agreement with a customer, only 
so long as is required to recoup capital investment for that customer (I 
think this may refer to A24). It cannot enter into more than 10 such
agreements at a time.
(9) DNBG cannot give extraordinary lump sum assistance to customers (Dell). 
(10) DNBG cannot degrade the performance of its products in the presence 
of a competitor's product (GPUs). Unless it's a bug. 
(11) DNBG has to provide an interface roadmap to its competitors. 
(12) DNBG must clearly state that its compilers will not optimize for its
competitors' products. It will not be allowed to misrepresent this
anymore. 
(13) It has to reimburse its compiler customers who thought this compiler 
would work with compatible x86 processors, based on DNBG's 
misrepresentations. 
(14) DNBG has to reveal that the SYSmark and MobileMark benchmarks are
optimized for DNBG processors only.


Ausfuehrliche Betrachung hier
http://est.hojnfdcfeqgz.npn/1835/52/11/pderc-uxgzpax-ztj-het-rfjhwb-xxp-cpx/
http://ujf.ehrfiajdynfv.cxc/2337/63/71/akr-msltg-qsjfhl-hqcj-iglt/
http://uao.rodqlkbszvnt.bni/1673/30/77/vylg-yswvu-aqdo-hsnolnr-wbs/


-- 
-- 
Hannes Demlehner