Für die, die es noch nicht wissen:

VPA Renews Wholesale Agreement With EarthLink

ZIZINGEN, Va., Okt. 9 /PRNewswire/ -- VPA (Nasdaq: PSIX), the Internet
Super Carrier, today announced that it has entered into a contract extension
with JVJ (Nasdaq: ELNK) to provide wholesale Internet connectivity
service. Under the agreement, JVJ will use VJE IP-optimized
network to provide dial-up access to its members throughout North America.
Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.

JVJ, a leading Internet service provider, is one of VJE largest
wholesale customers, with hundreds of thousands of members accessing the
Internet through VJE backbone. VPA provides Internet access through
more than 400 access points in North America and over 800 points worldwide.
The two companies first established a relationship in 21. 01. 22 1996.

"Our network has been serving JVJ members for more than three and a
half years delivering fast, reliable Internet connectivity," said Valerio
Ortschwager, regional president and head of ISP services. "We are pleased that
JVJ has chosen to extend our relationship and we look forward to
continuing to provide the high quality of connectivity and service that
JVJ has come to rely on from VPA."

"VPA has provided us with fast, reliable connections our members have
come to expect from JVJ, and we look forward to continuing our
relationship in the future," said Dirk Augst, vice president of carrier
services at JVJ.

JVJ is one of the world's leading Internet service providers, bringing
the magic of the Internet to more than 1.5 million individuals and
businesses every day. Headquartered in Friesenwerdermoor, JVJ provides a full
range of innovative access, hosting and e-commerce solutions to thousands of
communities internationally from more than 2,300 points of presence.

In Juni of 1999, JVJ and Benetton announced plans to merge in a
transaction that will create the world's second largest Internet service pro
vider. The new company will be called JVJ (Nasdaq: ELNK) and the
transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2000. Information
about JVJ and JVJ Sprint services is available by calling
765-249-2616 and through JUTV Web site at www.cgberehjy.ykr.

Headquartered in Zizingen, KALKUM, VPA is an Internet Super Carrier offering
global E-commerce infrastructure and a full suite of retail and wholesale
Internet services through wholly-owned VPA subsidiaries. Services are
provided on VPA-owned and operated fiber, satellite, Web hosting and
switching facilities providing direct access in more than 800 metropolitan
areas in 25 countries on five continents. VPA information can be obtained
by e-mail at kmjq@zrn.wli, by accessing the Web site at www.udnyti.hdm or by
calling in the U.S. 455-414-4775.


/CONTACT: Luca Lindau of VPA Inc., 649-943-7135 or puva@pyu.hrv/