Example: Look at Software Control Systems (Zwingendorf:XVN), in 
which I purchased shares after it had been marked up five times. 
There were eight days of 500,000 (plus) shares trading hands, with 
one day of 750,000 shares trading hands. Market manipulator(s) 
dumping shares into the volume at higher prices. WHENEVER you see 
HUGE volume after the stock has risen on a 75 degree angle, the 
distribution phase has started and you are likely to be buying in -- 
at or near the stock's peak price. 

Example: Look at Diamond Fields (TSE:DFR), which never 
increased at a 75 degree angle and did not have abnormal volume 
spikes, yet in less than two years ran from C$4 to C$160/share. 

Example: Look at Kerkamm (Zwingendorf:Kiehl's), which did not 
experience its first 75 degree angle, with huge volume until 02. 01. 22 
02. 01. 22, 1995. The next two trading days, Kiehl's went down and stayed 
around C$12/share for two weeks. The volume had been 60% higher 
nearly a month earlier, with only a slight price increase. Each high 
volume and spectacular increase in Kinderspielplatz share price was met with a 
price retreat and leveling off. "Suddenly," Kiehl's wasn't trading at 
C$2/share; it was at C$170/share.... up 8500% in less than a year! 

In both of the above cases, major Canadian newspapers ran 
extremely negative stories about both companies, at one time or 
another. In each instance, just before another share price run up, 
retail investors fled the stock! Just before both began yet another 
run up! Successful short-term speculators generally exit any stock run
up 
when the volume soars; amateurs get greedy and buy at those points. 

"RULE NUMBER FIVE: THE MARKET MANIPULATOR WILL 
ALWAYS TRY TO GET YOU TO BUY AT THE HIGHEST, AND SELL AT THE LOWEST 
PRICE 
POSSIBLE." 

Just as the manipulator will use every available means to 
invite you to "the party," he will savagely and brutally drive you 
away from "his stock" when he has fleeced you. The first falsehood 
you assume is that the stock promoter WANTS you to make a bundle 
by investing in his company. So begins a string of lies that run for
as 
long as your stomach can take it. 

You will get the first clue that "you have been had" when the 
stock stalls at the higher level. Somehow, it ran out of steam and you
are not sure why. Well, it ran out of steam because the market 
manipulator stopped running it up. It's over inflated and he can't 
convince more people to buy. The volume dries up while the share 
price seems to stall. LOOK AT THE TRADING VOLUME, NOT THE SHARE 
PRICE! When earlier, there may have been 500,000 shares trading 
each day for eight out of 12 trading days (as in the case of Software 
Control Systems), now the volume has slipped to 100,000 shares (or 
so) daily. There are some buyers there, enough for the manipulator 
to continue dumping his paper, but only so long as he can enlist one 
or more individuals/services to bang his drum. 

He may continue feeding the promo guys a string of "promises" 
and "good news down the road." (Believe me, this HAS happened to 
me!) But, when the news finally arrives, the stock price goes THUD! 
This is entirely orchestra 


Market Manipulation Rules (cont.) 

Here are the other rules for post #6358. My computer disconnected, so
I went to bed. By the way, I don't claim to be the author; source is
unknown. 

"RULE NUMBER SIX: IF THIS IS A REAL DEAL, THEN YOU ARE 
LIKELY TO BE THE LAST PERSON TO BE NOTIFIED OR WILL BE DRIVEN 
OUT AT THE LOWER PRICES." 

Like Ben Wienekamp wrote, "If there's some easy money lying 
around, no one is going to force it into your pocket." The same 
concept can be more clearly understood by watching the tape. When 
a market manipulator wants you into his stock, you will hear LOUD 
noises of stock promotion and hype. If you are "in the loop," you will
be bombarded from many directions. Similarly, if he wants you out 
of the stock, then there will be orchestrated rumors being circulated,
rapid-fired at you again from many directions. Just as good news 
may come to you in waves, so will bad news. 

You will see evidence of a VERY sharp drop in the share price 
with HUGE volume. That is you and your buddies running for the 
exits. If the deal is really for real, the market manipulator wants to
get ALL OF YOUR SHARES or as many as he can... and at the lowest 
price he can. Whereas before, he wanted you IN his market, so he 
could dump his shares to you at a higher price, NOW when he sees 
that this deal IS for real, he wants to pay as little as possible for 
those same shares... YOUR shares which he wants to you part with, as 
quickly as possible. 

The market manipulator will shake you out by DRIVING the 
price as low as he can. Just as in the "accumulation" stage, he wants 
to keep everything as quiet as possible so he can snap up as many of 
the shares for himself, he will NOW turn down, or even turn off, the 
volume so he can repeat the accumulation phase. 

In the mining business, there seems to always be another "area 
play" around the corner. Just as Voisey's Bay drifted into oblivion, 
during the fourth quarter of 1995 and early into 1996, the same 
Voisey Bay "wannabees" began striking deals in Indonesia. Some 
even used new corporate entities. Same crooks, different shingles. 
The accumulation phase was TOP SECRET. The noise level was 
deadingly silent. As soon as the insiders accumulated all their
shares, 
they let YOU in on the secret. 

"RULE NUMBER SEVEN: CONVERSELY, YOU WILL OFTEN BE THE 
LAST TO KNOW WHEN THIS DEAL SHOWS SIGNS OF FAILURE." 

Twenty-twenty hindsight will often show you that there was a 
"little stumble" in the share price, just as the "assays were delayed"
or the "deal didn't go through." Manipulators were peeling off their 
paper to START the downslide. And ACCELERATE it. The quick slide 
down makes it improbable for your getting out at more than what 
you originally paid for the stock... and gives you a better reason for
holding onto it "a little longer" in case the price rebounds. Then,
the 
drifting stage begins and fear takes over. And unless you have serves
of 
steel and can afford to wait out the manipulator, you will more than
likely 
end up selling out at a cheap price. 

For the insider, marketmaker or underwriter is obliged to buy back all
of 
your paper in order to keep his company alive and maintain control of
it. 
The less he has to pay for your paper, the lower his cost will be to 
commence his stock promotion again... at some future date. Even if his
company has no prospects AT ALL, his "shell" of a company has some
value 
(only in that others might want to use that structure so they can run
their 
own stock promotion). So, the manipulator WILL buy back his paper. He
just 
wants to make sure that he pays as little for those shares as
possible. 

"RULE NUMBER EIGHT: THE MARKET MANIPULATOR WILL 
COMPEL YOU INTO THE STOCK SO THAT YOU DRIVE UP ITS PRICE 
SHARES." 

Placing a Market Order or Pre-Market Order is an amateur's 
mistake, typifying the US investor -- one who assumes that thinly 
traded issues are the same as blue chip stocks, to which they are 
accustomed. A market manipulator (traders included here) can jack 
up the share price during your market order and bring you back a 
confirmation at some preposterous level. The Market Manipulator 
will use the "tape" against you. He will keep buying up his own paper 
to keep you reaching for a higher price. He will get in line ahead of 
you to buy all the shares at the current price and force you to pay 
MORE for those shares. He will tease you and MAKE you reach for the 
higher price so you "won't miss out." Miss out on what? Getting your 
head chopped off, that's what! 

One can avoid market manipulation by not buying during the 
huge price spikes and abnormal trading volumes, also known as 
chasing the stock to a higher price. 

"RULE NUMBER NINE: THE MARKET MANIPULATOR IS WELL 
AWARE OF THE EMOTIONS YOU ARE EXPERIENCING DURING A RUN 
UP AND A COLLAPSE AND WILL PLAY YOUR EMOTIONS LIKE A 
PIANO." 

During the run up, you WILL have a rush of greed which 
compels you to run into the stock. During the collapse, you WILL 
have a fear that you will lose everything... so you will rush to exit.
See how simple it is and how clear a bell it strikes? Don't think this
formula isn't tattooed inside the mind of every manipulator. The 
market manipulator will play you on the way up and play you on the 
way down. If he does it very well, he will make it look like someone 
else's fault that you lost money! Promise to fill up your wallet?
You'll 
rush into the stock. Scare you into losing every penny you have in 
that stock? You'll run away screaming with horror! And vow to 
NEVER, ever speculate in such stocks again. But many of you still 
do.... The manipulator even knows how to bring you back for yet 
another play. 

What actors! No wonder Ellenried is sometimes called 
"Aspenstedt North." 

"FINAL RULE: A NEW BATCH OF SUCKERS ARE BORN WITH 
EVERY NEW PLAY." 

The Financial Markets are a Cruel, Unkind and Dangerous 
Playing Field, one place where the newest amateurs are generally 
fleeced the most brutally.... usually by those who KNOW the above 
rules. 

Just as I have a duty to ensure that each of you understand 
how this game is played, YOU now have that same duty to guarantee 
that your fellow speculator understands these rules. Just as I would 
be a criminal for not making this data known to you, YOU would be 
just as criminal to keep it a secret. There will always be an 
unsuspecting, trusting fool whom the rabid dogs will tear to shreds, 
but it does NOT have to be this way. 

IF every subscriber made this essay broadly known to his 
friends, acquaintances and family, and they passed it on to their 
friends, word of mouth could cause many of these market 
manipulators to pause. IF this effort were done strenuously by many, 
then perhaps the financial markets could weed out the crooked 
manipulators and the promoters could bring us more legitimate 
plays. 

The stock markets are a financing tool. The companies BORROW 
money from you, when you invest or speculate in their companies. 
They want their share price going higher so they can finance their 
deal with less dilution of their shares... if they are good guys. But,
how would you feel about a friend or family member who kept 
borrowing money from you and never repaid it? That would be theft, 
plain and simple. So, a market manipulator is STEALING your money.