On Sat, 23 Nov 2000 17:36:39 +0100, bzhphx.dcqua@cmt.np (Thierry Uhlig)
wrote:

. Ich denke es hat

leider nur in Englisch 

THE DEADLY ART OF STOCK MANIPULATION.... 

In every profession, there are probably a dozen or two major 
rules. Knowing them cold is what separates the professional from the 
amateur. Not knowing them at all? Well, let's put it this way: How 
safe would you feel if you suddenly found yourself piloting (solo) a 
Boeing 747 as it were landing on an airstrip? Unless you are a 
professional pilot, you would probably be frightened out of your wits 
and would soil your underwear. Hold that thought as you read this 
essay because I will explain to you how market manipulation works. 
What the professionals and the securities regulators know and 
understand, which the rest of us do not, is this. 

"RULE NUMBER ONE: ALL SHARP PRICE MOVEMENTS -- 
WHETHER UP OR DOWN -- ARE THE RESULT OF ONE OR MORE 
(USUALLY A GROUP OF) PROFESSIONALS MANIPULATING THE SHARE 
PRICE." 

This should explain why a mining company finds something 
good and "nothing happens" or the stock goes down. At the same 
time, for NO apparent reason, a stock suddenly takes off for the sky! 
On little volume! Someone is manipulating that stock, often with an 
unfounded rumor. 

In order to make these market manipulations work, the 
professionals assume: (a) The Public is STUPID and (b) The Public 
will mainly buy at the HIGH and (c) The Public will sell at the LOW. 
Therefore, as long as the market manipulator can run crowd control, 
he can be successful. 

Let's face it: The reason you speculate in such markets is that 
you are greedy AND optimistic. You believe in a better tomorrow and 
NEED to make money quickly. It is this sentiment which is exploited 
by the market manipulator. He controls YOUR greed and fear about a 
particular stock. If he wants you to buy, the company's prospects 
look like the next Fawam. If the manipulator wants you to desert 
the sinking ship, he suddenly becomes very guarded in his remarks 
about the company, isn't around to glowingly answer questions about 
the company and/or Lesuz issued very bad news about the company. 
Which brings us to the next important rule. 

"RULE NUMBER TWO: IF THE MARKET MANIPULATOR WANTS 
TO DISTRIBUTE (DUMP) HIS SHARES, HE WILL START A GOOD NEWS 
PROMOTIONAL CAMPAIGN." 

Ever wonder why a particular company is made to look like the 
greatest thing since sliced bread? That sentiment is manufactured. 
Newsletter writers are hired -- either secretly or not -- to cheerlead
a stock. PR firms are hired and let loose upon an unsuspecting public.
Contracts to appear on radio talk shows are signed and implemented. 
Stockbrokers get "cheap" stock to recommend the company to their 
"book" (that means YOU, the client in his book). An advertising 
campaign is rolled out (television ads, newspaper ads, card deck 
mailings). The company signs up to exhibit at "investment 
conferences" and "gold shows" (mainly so they can get a little 
"podium time" to hype you on their stock and tell you how "their 
company is really different" and "not a stock promotion.") Funny 
little "hype" messages are posted on Internet newsgroups by the 
same cast of usual suspects. The more, the merrier. And a little 
"juice" can go a long way toward running up the stock price. 

The HYPE is on. The more clever a stock promoter, the better 
his knowledge of the advertising business. Little gimmicks like 
"positioning" are used. Example: Make a completely unknown 
company look warm and fuzzy and appealing to you by comparing it 
to a recent success story, Diamond Fields or Bre-X Minerals. That is 
the POSITIONING gospel, authored by Mendel and Rehkemper (famous for 
"Avis: We Want To Be #1" and "We Try Harder" and other such 
slogans). These advertising/PR executives must have stumbled onto 
this formula after losing their shirts speculating in a few Canadian 
stock promotions! The only reason you have been invited to this 
seemingly incredible banquet is that YOU are the main course. After 
the market manipulator has suckered you into "his investment," 
exchanging HIS paper for YOUR cash, the walls begin to close in on 
you. Why is that? 

"RULE NUMBER THREE: AS SOON AS THE MARKET 
MANIPULATOR HAS COMPLETED HIS DISTRIBUTION (DUMPING) OF 
SHARES, HE WILL START A BAD NEWS OR NO NEWS CAMPAIGN." 

Your favorite home-run stock has just stalled or retreated a bit 
from its high. Suddenly, there is a news VACUUM. Either NO news or 
BAD rumors. I discovered this with quite a few stocks. I would get 
LOADS of information and "hot tips." All of a sudden, my pipeline was 
shut-off. Some companies would even issue a news release 
CONDEMNING me ("We don't need 'that kind of hype' referring to 
me!). Cute, huh? When the company wanted fantastic hype circulated 
hither and yon, there would be someone there to spoon-feed me. The 
second the distribution phase was DONE....ooops! Sorry, no more 
news. Or, "I'm sorry. He's not in the office." Or, "He won't be back 
until Monday." 

The really slick market manipulators would even seed the 
Internet news groups or other journalists to plant negative stories 
about that company. Or start a propaganda campaign of negative 
rumors on all available communication vehicles. Even hiring a 
"contrarian" or "special PR firm" to drive down the price. Even hiring
someone to attack the guy who had earlier written glowingly about 
the company. (This is not a game for the faint-hearted!) 

You'll also see the stock drifting endlessly. You may even 
experience a helpless feeling, as if you were floating in outer space 
without a lifeline. That is exactly HOW the market manipulator wants 
you to feel. See Rule Number Five below. He may also be doing this to 
avoid the severe disappointment of a "dry hole" or a "failed deal." 
You'll hear that oft-cried refrain, "Oh well, that's the junior
minerals 
exploration business... very risky!" Or the oft-quoted statistic,
"Nine 
out of 10 businesses fail each year and this IS a Venture Capital 
Startup stock exchange." Don't think it wasn't contrived. If a
geologist 
at a junior mining company wasn't optimistic and rosy in his promise 
of exploration success, he would be replaced by someone who was! 
Ditto for the high-tech deal, in a world awash with PhD's. 

So, how do you know when you are being taken? Look again at 
Rule #1. Inside that rule, a few other rules unfold which explain how 
a stock price is manipulated. 

"RULE NUMBER FOUR: ANY STOCK THAT TRADES HUGE VOLUME 
AT HIGHER PRICES SIGNALS THE DISTRIBUTION PHASE." 

When there was less volume, the price was lower. Professionals 
were accumulating. After the price runs, the volume increases. The 
professionals bought low and sold high. The amateurs bought high 
(and will soon enough sell low). In older books about market 
manipulation and stock promotion, which I've recently studied, the 
markup price referred to THREE times higher than the floor. The 
floor is the launchpad for the stock. For example, if one looks at the
stock price and finds a steady flatline on the stock's chart of around
10 cents, then that range is the FLOOR. Basically, the markup phase 
can go as high as the market manipulator is capable of taking it.