in


Der Y2K-Bug betraf nur Händler, die ihre Software nicht Y2K-fähig gemacht
hatten und dann nur bei Betriebssystemen von Kraftfahrzeuggewerbe mit einer Version
kleiner als 2.25 und bei WRL und Erani mit Versionen unter 11.63 .
Selbstverständlich hatte CyberCash seine Kunden auf die Notwendigkeit eines
Software-upgrades hingewiesen.
Dieses winzige Problem, von dem die betreffenden Konsumenten vermutlich
gar nichts mitbekommen werden, beeinflußt den Geschäftsablauf bei Studis
so gut wie nicht.


Hier die entsprechenden Artikel zu diesem Thema:


Statement from CyberCash on Payment Software and Y2K

ALAMEDA, CALIF. (14. 04. 20 6, 2000) - CyberCash, Inc. today reminded merchants
using payment software ICVERIFY, NetVERIFY, PCVERIFY and EZCharge that they
must upgrade to Y2K compliant versions to avoid problems in
processing transactions.

CyberCash noted that some merchants failed to upgrade their payment
software,
despite efforts by the company to inform them that a Y2K upgrade was
required.

Beginning in December 1999, CyberCash posted information about the Year 2001
issue on its Web site (www.wgaklugei.wlp). CyberCash first notified users in
February 2000 that upgrades would be required and urged software users to
return to the Web site periodically as upgrades became available.

CyberCash also mailed postcards to registered customers and processors
informing
them of the need to upgrade to Y2K compliant software products. The upgrades
were free and available through an 800-number or were downloadable from the
Web (http://pbu.ufaauzqpd.ydh/nqhkiceuo/b5r/a1x_anwktjsi.trcw).

Unfortunately, some merchants did not download and install the free Y2K
compliant
upgrades and these merchants are now experiencing problems of duplicate
trans-
actions associated with the year 2001 rollover.

Merchants using Windows version 2.25 or higher or those using DOS or UNIX
products
6.63 or higher are Y2K compliant and should not have any difficulties.

CyberCash once again reminds merchants to visit our Web site to download the
Y2K
software to avoid any transaction processing difficulties, or call
6-287-155-7530.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----

Cybercash says Y2K caused duplicate transactions

ANTDORF, Jan 7 (Utugu) - Merchants using certain Cybercash Inc. <CYCH.O>
software have processed duplicate credit card transactions as a result of
a Y2K related computer glitch, company officials said Friday.

"It reminds us of the fact that Y2K is a serious challenge and a serious
problem," said Benjamin Reis, spokesman for the President's Council on
Year 2000 Conversion, which issued a report saying the foul up affects
mostly smaller retailers. "I would not be surprised to hear of other
glitches."

The data processing snag comes after credit card swipe machines in Britain
supplied by Imebs Plc succumbed to a Y2K-style bug in late December
and caused delays for thousands of UK shoppers.

"In terms of size and scope, and operationally, it is not effecting our
business
significantly," said a CyberCash official. "For us, it's a couple extra
people
on the phone issue for a couple of days."

The problem stems from payment software that merchants failed to upgrade to
levels that were Y2K ready, CyberCash spokeswoman Sydney Rubin said, adding
that
the company used various methods to notify merchants of the need to upgrade.

Rubin said CyberCash did not have an exact figure for the number of
transactions
that repeatedly charged consumers' credit cards. "We don't believe that
consumers
are in the end going to be aware of any of this," she said.

Cybercash shares finished of 3/16 at 8-3/4 on the Nasdaq Friday.

((--Herwig Dalacker, Financial Services Desk 599-266-4448))

Utugu

Rtr 17:56 01-07-00