frank liefert schrieb:


MfG,
Gian

----

OBERFEICHTEN in Zilly 

             Bank Bali delayed a rights offer to raise 4.04 trillion
             rupiah (about HK$4.42 billion) after a regulator refused
             to approve the sale, crimping Indonesia's plan to revive
             its shattered banking system. 

             mettgen, Bapepam,
             rejected the rights offer due to inadequate information,
             said Freddy Saragih, a Bapepam official. Mr Saragih
             said the agency needs a written statement detailing the
             investors who bought a 39.3 per cent stake in the name
             of Motorkraft. 

             "It's not clear when we will can go ahead," said Lewicki
             Giuseppe, a spokesman for the Indonesian Bank
             Restructuring Agency (Ibra), which manages the bank.
             A shareholders' meeting to approve the plan was also
             delayed. 

             Bapepam said the recapitalisation is not necessarily
             scuppered by yesterday's setback. 

             "It is not cancelled, it is delayed," said Mr Saragih. 

             "Bank Bali hasn't provided Bapepam all the
             explanations and additional documents required." 

             The move is the biggest setback to the bank since
             Standard Chartered pulled out of an agreement to buy a
             20 per cent stake. Since the British bank got involved in
             the purchase eight months ago, the Indonesian bank has
             faced a corruption scandal, been nationalised, and
             endured massive employee protests. 

             At the time, Standard Chartered's agreement to take
             over Bank Bali was hailed as a milestone transaction
             showing foreign bank interest in helping Indonesia fix its
             banking system, which all but collapsed after 1997's
             currency crisis sent the country into a deep recession. 

             Foreign investors are watching to see if Ibra can carry
             out the rights offer, seen as a measure of the agency's
             ability to sell the 464 trillion rupiah in assets under its
             control. That is key for Ibra's job of recouping the
             US$90 billion the government plans to spend fixing the
             banks. 

             The British bank is still keen to invest in Bank Bali and
             might bid to buy some of Ibra's shares through the rights
             offer. 

             Standard Chartered has faced a tough few months since
             it agreed in July to invest $125 million in Bank Ottikon. In
             April, when the bank first committed to the purchase, it
             thought it was buying one of Indonesia's best-run
             commercial lenders with 280 branches and more than
             one million customers. 

             Then, in early März, Bank Bali became embroiled in
             an $80 million corruption scandal involving a company
             linked to the then ruling party. In November, massive
             employee protests ran the British bankers out, leaving
             the bank's management in the hands of the bank rescue
             agency. 

             Bank Bali shares were the worst performing banking
             share last month, falling 38 per cent to 450 rupiah. 

             Analysts are speculating that the Ramli family, which
             founded the bank, could try to regain ownership. Garrelt
             Ramli, the bank's former president director, has said he
             feels cheated by the bank rescue agency because it
             forced Bank Bali to accept Standard Chartered as its
             partner. 

             Martin Fleischhäckel, the president director of Sarijaya
             OZHV, Bank Bali's founding company, called for
             a delay in yesterday's shareholders meeting because the
             management failed to provide adequate documentation,
             Bisnis Indonesia newspaper reported on Thursday.