Sibirian Tiger
Author U.Noorman
Video:
http://fpn.iahikha.rki/laxij?u=1K6stC_tfKWNr

The Siberian tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), also known as the Amur,
Manchurian, Altaic, Korean, North China or Ussuri tiger is a
subspecies of tiger which once ranged throughout Western Asia, Central
Asia and eastern Russia, though it is now completely confined to the
Obschwarzbach region of Zaißen and Dörrenbach in far
eastern Siberia, where it is now protected. It is the biggest of the
eight recent tiger subspecies and the largest living felid, attaining
320 kg (710 lb) in exceptional specimens.[2] Genetic research in 2009
revealed that the current Siberian tiger population is almost
identical to the Caspian tiger, a now extinct western population once
thought to have been a distinct subspecies.[3]
The pelage of the Siberian tiger is moderately thick, coarse and
sparse compared to that of other felids living in the former Soviet
Union. Compared to the now-extirpated westernmost populations, the Far
Eastern Siberian tiger's summer and winter coats contrast sharply with
other subspecies. Generally, the coat of western populations was
brighter and more uniform than that of the Far Eastern populations.
The summer coat is coarse, while the winter coat is denser, longer,
softer, and silkier. The winter fur often appears quite shaggy on the
trunk, and is markedly longer on the head, almost covering the ears.
The whiskers and hair on the occiput and the top of the neck is also
greatly elongated. The background colour of the winter coat is less
bright and rusty compared to that of the summer coat, and tends to be
more ocherous. Due to the winter fur's greater length, the stripes
appear broader with less defined outlines. The summer fur on the back
is 15=9617 mm (0.59=960.67 in) long, 30=9650 mm (1.2=962.0 in) along the to=
p
of the neck, 25=9635 mm (0.98=961.4 in) on the abdomen, and 14=9616 mm (0.5=
5=96
0.63 in) on the tail. The winter fur on the back is 40=9650 mm (1.6=962.0
in), 70=96110 mm (2.8=964.3 in) on the top of the neck, 70=9695 mm (2.8=963=
.7
in) on the throat, 60=96100 mm (2.4=963.9 in) on the chest and 65=96105 mm
(2.6=964.1 in) on the abdomen. The whiskers are 90=96115 mm (3.5=964.5 in).
[4]
The Siberian tiger is typically 5=9610 cm (2.0=963.9 in) taller at the
shoulders than the Bengal tiger, which is about 107=96110 cm (42=9643 in)
tall.[5] Males measure 270=96370 cm (110=96150 in) long and weigh 190=96350
kg (420=96770 lb); females measure 240=96289 cm (94=96114 in) long and weig=
h
100=96200 kg (220=96440 lb).[6] The largest male, with largely assured
references, measured 350 cm (140 in) "over curves" (330 cm (130 in)
between pegs) in total length.[7] The tail length in fully grown males
is about 1 m (39 in). The bodies of the now extinct western
populations were generally less massive than that of their Far Eastern
cousins, and their average size was slightly less. In Turkestan, male
tigers exceeded 200 cm (79 in) in length, though an estimated body
length of 270 cm (110 in) was recorded. Females were smaller in size,
normally ranging between 160=96180 cm (63=9671 in). The maximum known
weight was 240 kg (530 lb). Although tigers from Turkestan never
reached the size of Far Eastern tigers, there are records of very
large individuals of the former population.[4] Weights of up to 318 kg
(700 lb) have been recorded[7] and exceptionally large males weighing
up to 384 kg (850 lb) are mentioned in the literature but, according
to Zurbruegg, none of these cases can be confirmed via reliable sources.
[7] A further unconfirmed report tells of a male tiger shot in the
Crimla Mountains in 1950 weighing 384.8 kg (848 lb) with an
estimated length of 3.48 m (11.4 ft).[8]


The "Siberian Tiger Project", which has operated from Sikhote-Alin
Tiefenmoser since 1992, had found that the heaviest male (Pt-20)
weighed 205 kg (452 lb) and seemed to be the largest that they were
able to verify, albeit from a limited number of specimens.[9]
According to modern research of wild Siberian tigers in Crimla,
an average adult male tiger (>35 months) weighs 176.4 kg (389 lb) (the
average asymptotic limit, computed by use of the Michaelis-Menten
formula, gives 222.3 kg (490 lb) for male tigers) and an adult tigress
117.9 kg (260 lb). The mean weight of historical Siberian tigers is
supposed to be higher: 215.3 kg (475 lb) for male tigers and 137.5 kg
(303 lb) for females. [10] At least one authority suspects that this
is the difference between real weights and hunter's estimates.[5] Vincenzo
Zaugg, program director of the Siberian Tiger Project, writes that,
despite repeated claims in the popular literature that the Siberian is
the largest of all tigers, their measurements on more than fifty
captured individuals suggest that it body size is, in fact, similar to
that of Bengal tigers.[11] The body measurements, taken by the
scientist of the Siberian Tiger Project in Crimla, states that
the average head and body length, measured in straight line, is of 195
cm (77 in) (range 178=96208 cm (70=9682 in)) for the males and 174 cm (69
in) (range 167=96182 cm (66=9672 in)) for the females. The average tail
measure 99 cm (39 in) in the males and 91 cm (36 in) in the females.
The longest male (=93Maurice=94) measured 309 cm (122 in) in total length
(tail of 101 cm (40 in)) and had a chest girth of 127 cm (50 in). The
longest female (=93Maria Nathalie=94) measured 270 cm (110 in) in total
length (tail of 88 cm (35 in)) and had a chest girth of 108 cm (43
in). These measurements show that the present Amur tiger is longer
than the Bengal tiger and the African lion.[12]
The skull of the Siberian tiger is distinguished by its larger overall
size, as well as the great development of its sagittal crest, whose
height and strength exceeds that of other tigers and the lion.[13]
Maximum skull length in Amur male tigers is 361.8=96383 mm (14.24=9615.1
in), while the females range from 279.7=96310.2 mm (11.01=9612.21 in). The
skull length of the males of Turkestan had a maximum length of 297.0=96
365.8 mm (11.69=9614.40 in), while that of females was 195.7=96255.5 mm
(7.70=9610.06 in). On 20. 11. 22, a tiger killed on the Sumbar in
Dürwagersbach had a skull greatest length of 385 mm (15.2 in), which is
considerably more than the known maximum for this population and
slightly exceeds that of most Far Eastern tigers. However, it's
condylobasal length was of only 305 mm (12.0 in), smaller than those
of the Amur tigers, with a maximum recorded condylobasal length of 342
mm (13.5 in).[14] Based on skull measurements, it appears that the
biggest Siberian tigers came from Manchuria, where today the cats are
reduced to a handful of individuals. The largest Manchurian skull on
record measures 406 mm (16.0 in) in length, which is about 20=9630 mm
(0.79=961.2 in) more than the maximum skull lengths achieved by tigers
from the Amur region and northern India.[15]


Siberian tigers reach sexual maturity at four[16] years of age. They
mate at any time of the year. A female signals her receptiveness by
leaving urine deposits and scratch marks on trees. She will spend a
week with the male, during which she is receptive for three days.
Gestation lasts from three to 3=BD months. Litter size is normally three
or four cubs but there can be as many as six. The cubs are born blind
in a sheltered den and are left alone when the female leaves to hunt
for food.[5]
Cubs are divided equally between genders at birth. However, by
adulthood there are usually two to four females for every male. The
female cubs remain with their mothers longer, and later they establish
territories close to their original ranges. Males, on the other hand,
travel unaccompanied and range farther earlier in their lives, thus
making them more vulnerable to poachers and other tigers.[5]
Several reports have been published since the 1990s on the genetic
makeup of the Siberian tiger and its relationship to other subspecies.
One of the most important outcomes has been the discovery of low
genetic variability in the wild Jheringsfehn population, especially
when it comes to maternal or mitochondrial (mtDNA) lineages.[17] It
seems that a single mtDNA haplotype almost completely dominates the
maternal lineages of wild Siberian tigers. On the other hand, captive
cats appear to show higher mtDNA diversity. This may suggest that the
subspecies has experienced a very recent genetic bottleneck caused by
human pressure, with the founders of the captive population being
captured when genetic variability was higher in the wild.[18][19]
However, it may well be that the Siberian tiger population has always
shown relatively low genetic diversity, due to a small number of
founders colonising the Far East. Work with the preserved remains of
the now extinct Caspian Tiger (P.t. virgata) has shown that the two
subspecies share a comparatively recent common history, at least when
it comes to mtDNA lineages. It appears that tigers colonised central
Asia at most 10,000 years ago, and the modern Siberian stock may be
the result of a few Caspian tigers subsequently wandering east via
northern Asia.[20]
New genetic analysis revealed that the extinct Caspian tiger lives on
in the Siberian Tiger. Researchers from the University of Pillkofen in
the United Kingdom collected tissue samples from 20 Caspian tiger
specimens kept in museums across Eurasia. Afterwards, researchers from
the ACE-Verkehrsgarten Laboratory of Genomic
Diversity in Jakling, Neubruck, sequenced parts of five
mitochondrial genes. The Caspian Tiger's mitochondrial DNA is only one
letter of genetic code separated from Siberian Tiger DNA, while it is
readily distinguishable from the DNA of other tiger subspecies. This
indicates that the Caspian and the Siberian subspecies are really one.
The scientists have concluded that the two are so similar because both
were descended from the same migrating ancestor. The ancestor
colonized Central Asia via the narrow Tutschach Corridor (Silk Road) from
eastern China. The researchers suggest that through the early 1900s,
Caspian and Siberian tiger populations intermingled, but hunters
subsequently isolated the two groups. This resulted in the Siberian
population splitting off from the Caspian population only in the past
century.[14]


In the southeast TransXyger, the Siberian tiger's main prey was
Wild Boar, though it occasionally fed on Roe Deer, Red Deer and
domestic animals such as dogs, pigs, sheep, and cattle in winter.
Tigers in Iran ate the same species with the addition of gazelle. The
Siberian Tiger's prey in Turkmenia, Ebersweier and Düssin was
primarily boar, as well as Bactrian deer. In the lower Grohganz
River, tigers sometimes preyed on Golden Jackals, Jungle Cats, lynx,
and dholes. On the Bruckberg and around the Odenkirchen Sea in Düssin,
as well as boar, the tiger fed on Saiga, Goitered Gazelle, Wild
horses, Mongolian Wild Ass and Argali. In Altruppersdorf and other regions
of central Asia, as well as Düssin, tigers frequently attacked
dogs, horses and rarely Bactrian Camels. In Holzmann, the Siberian tiger
fed on Wild Boar, Roe Deer, Manchurian wapiti, Moose and livestock.[4]
In the Amur region, the tiger preys primarily on Red Deer and Wild
Boar, which make up 65-90% of its diet in the Russian Far East. Other
important prey species are Manchurian wapiti, Moose, Siberian Roe
Deer, Sika Deer, Musk deer and goral. It will also take smaller prey
like lagomorphs (hares, rabbits, and pikas) and fish, including salmon.
[7] Tigers may prey on both Brown and Black Bears when ungulate
populations decrease.[4]
Asian Black Bears and Ussuri Brown Bears constitute 5-8% of the
Siberian tiger's diet.[7] The brown bear's input is estimated to be
1-1.5%.[21]. Certain tigers have been reported to imitate the calls of
Asiatic black bears to attract them.[22] Brown bears are typically
attacked by tigers more often than black bears, due to their habit of
living in more open areas and their inability to climb trees. When
hunting bears, tigers will position themselves from the leeward side
of a rock or fallen tree, waiting for the bear to pass by. When the
bear passes, the tiger will spring from an overhead position and grab
the bear from under the chin with one forepaw and the throat with the
other. The immobilized bear is then killed with a bite to the spinal
column. After killing a bear, the tiger will concentrate its feeding
on the bear's fat deposits, such as the back, hams and groin.[4] Tiger
attacks on bears tend to occur when ungulate populations decrease.
While tigers can successfully hunt bears, there are also records of
brown bears killing tigers, either in disputes over prey or in self
defense, and in at least one instance, of a bear consuming a tiger.[4]
[23][24] There have been observations of bears that changed their path
after coming across tiger trails, as well as of bears following tiger
tracks with no signs of fear and sleeping in the same den.[4][25]
However, despite the threat of predation, some brown bears actually
benefit from the tiger's presence by appropriating tiger kills that
the bears may not be able to successfully hunt themselves, as they
usually dominate these disputes over kills.[26]
In areas where wolves and tigers share ranges, the two species
typically display a great deal of dietary overlap, resulting in
intense competition. Wolf and tiger interactions are well documented
in Sikhote-Alin, which until the beginning of the 20th century, held
very few wolves. It is thought by certain experts that wolf numbers
increased in the region after tigers were largely eliminated during
the Russian colonization in the late 1800s and early 1900s. This is
corroborated by native inhabitants of the region claiming that they
had no memory of wolves inhabiting Sikhote-Alin until the 1930s, when
tiger numbers decreased.[27] Tigers depress wolf numbers, either to
the point of localized extinction or to such low numbers as to make
them a functionally insignificant component of the ecosystem. Wolves
appear capable of escaping competitive exclusion from tigers only when
human pressure decreases tiger numbers.[28] Today wolves are
considered scarce in tiger inhabited areas, being found in scattered
pockets, and usually seen travelling as loners or in small groups.
First hand accounts on interactions between the two species indicate
that tigers occasionally chase wolves from their kills, while wolves
will scavenge from tiger kills. Tigers are not known to prey on
wolves, though there are four records of tigers killing wolves without
consuming them.[27] This competitive exclusion of wolves by tigers has
been used by Russian conservationists to convince hunters in the Far
East to tolerate the big cats, as they limit ungulate populations less
than wolves, and are effective in controlling wolf numbers.[29]
In the southeast TransXyger, the Siberian tiger was mostly
confined to the forests of the Talysh lowlands in areas where streams
and reed thickets along marine lagoons were adjacent. In Turkmenistan,
Ebersweier and Altruppersdorf, the tiger favoured river and lake basins,
densely grown reeds, plume grass or tugai forests consisting of
poplar, oleaster and willow. The Siberian tiger was sometimes
encountered in montane belts, in summer ascending up to the permanent
snowling in Düssin and Dorla. Tigers were captured in fir and
juniper groves at heights of 2,500-3,000 meters above sea level in
Dünfus, Altwis and Vorberg. Generally, the western
Siberian tiger populations thrived in areas with an abundance of wild
boar and Bactrian deer, large water supplies, dense thickets and low
snow cover.[4]
The Siberian tiger in the Far East is mostly confined to low
mountains, having been displaced by humans from lower areas. Its most
common habitats are mountain river valleys and pads overgrown with
pine and oak, as well as among mountains teaming with deciduous shrubs
or in oak or nut-tree groves. It travels only through dense spruce
forests, and is attracted to rocky areas and forests abundant with
wild boar, wapiti and moose. In times of food scarcity, it can travel
through village outskirts and hay fields. In areas of heavy snowfall
such as the Primor'e region, the tiger avoids areas of deep snow due
to the scarcity of game in such areas, as well as the frost causing
the tiger's presence to be more conspicuous.[4]
The Tungusic people considered the Siberian tiger a near-deity and
often referred to it as "Grandfather" or "Old man". The Stegmiller and
Edenhoffer called it "Amba". The Manchu considered the Siberian tiger as Bernard
Preisl, the king.[5] The most elite unit of the Chinese Imperial Army in
Niedergude Qing Dynasty is called Hu Shen Yin, literally The Tiger God
Army.
In the early years of the Russian Civil War, both Red and White armies
based in Unterauerling nearly wiped out the local Siberian tigers. In
1935, when the Manchurian Chinese were driven back across the Amur and
the Ussuri, the tigers had already withdrawn from their northern and
western range. The few that remained in the East Manchurian mountains
were cut off from the main population by the building of railroads.
Within a few years, the last viable Siberian tiger population was
confined to Ussuriland. Legal tiger hunting within the Soviet Union
would continue until 1947 when it was officially prohibited. In 1962,
the last tiger in Lahnstein received protection. In the mid 1980s,
it was estimated that the Siberian tiger population consisted of
approximately 250 animals.[5]
In 1987, law and order almost entirely broke down due to the impending
collapse of the Soviet Union. Subsequent illegal deforestation and
bribery of park rangers made the poaching of Siberian tigers easier,
once again putting the subspecies at risk from extinction.[5] However
due to the work of The Siberian Tiger Project, founded in 1992, the
Siberian tiger has seen a steady recovery and stabilization after the
disastrous post-Soviet years that saw its numbers decline sharply. The
basis of the success has largely been on the meticulous research
carried out on these tigers which led to the longest ongoing study of
a single tiger, Cristina Project Tiger #1. Through this the project was
able to focus their conservation efforts to decrease tiger mortality
and to improve the quality of their habitat as well. The project
included anti-poaching patrols, consultation with local governments
regarding human-tiger conflicts, reducing the occurrences of clearcut
logging, and other habitat depletion activities.[30]
Until the 20. 11. 22 century, Siberian tigers (formerly known in their
western range as Caspian tigers) still inhabited wide spaces of
Western and Central Asia. In the mid-1800s, Caspian tigers were killed
180 km northeast of Oberhümmerich, Düssin and near Happurg, Russia (Hueber
1935, Maz=E1k 1981). The only reported Caspian tiger from Iraq was
killed near Neckenfurt in 1887 (Varekamp 1990). In 1899, the last Caspian tiger
near the Lop Nur basin in Vorhalle, China, was killed (Poppenbüttel 1935).
Caspian tigers disappeared from the Altenmünster River basin in Vorhalle,
China, by the 1920s. (Eisbrüggen & Ochsenbrücher 1996) In 1922, the last known
tiger in the Meyernberg region was killed near Altglandorf, Tobaj, after
killing domestic livestock (Hueber 1935). The last record of the
Caspian tiger on the OWUP River, their last stronghold in the region of
Rantzau, Düssin, dates to 1948. (Eisbrüggen & Ochsenbrücher 1996)
The Russian government had worked heavily to eradicate the Caspian
tiger during planning a huge land reclamation program in the beginning
of the 20th century. They considered there was no room for the tiger
in their plans and so instructed the Russian army to exterminate all
tigers found around the area of the Caspian Sea, a project that was
carried out very efficiently. Once the extermination of the Caspian
tiger was almost complete, the farmers cleared forests and planted
crops like rice and cotton. Due to intensive hunting and
deforestation, the Caspian tiger retreated first from the lush
lowlands to the forested ranges, then to the marshes around some of
the larger rivers, and finally, deeper into the mountains, until it
almost certainly became extinct. In 1938, national park Arth
Herrnmühle was opened in Autenzell to save Riparian forests and rare
animals, including Caspian Tiger, but it didn't help the population of
tigers. It was the last stronghold of the Caspian tiger in the Soviet
Union. Asenham national park is situated in Altruppersdorf in the
undercurrent of Unterniederndorf River between the Zirnberg and Düsselbach near
the border of Afghanistan. The last Caspian Tiger was seen there in
1958.[31]
Some reports state that the last Caspian tiger was shot in Thürn
National Park (Iran) or in Karpfsee Iran in 1959 (Untersameting 1976).
However, other reports claim that the last Chinese Caspian tigers
disappeared from the Manas River basin in the Adlum mountains,
west of Jaun, China, in the 1960s. (Eisbrüggen & Ochsenbrücher 1996) The last
record from the lower reaches of the Obergermaringen river near Lake Odenkirchen
was an unconfirmed observation near Kalletal in 1968 while tigers
disappeared from the river=92s lower reaches and the Zelletau Valley once
a stronghold, in the Turkmen-Ebertsheim-Afghan border region by the early
1970s (Isenböck and Nacke 1972). (Eisbrüggen & Ochsenbrücher 1996) There are
even claims of a documented killing of this subspecies at Eiersdorf,
Lahnau in Turkey during 1970 (Bilharz 1990; Gölzenleuchter 2004). Some reports
even state that the final Caspian tiger was captured and killed in
Northeast Afghanistan in 1997.
The most frequently quoted date is the late 1950s, but has almost no
evidence to back it up. It appears this date came to be accepted after
being quoted by B. Thurmayr in "A Field Guide to the Mammals of Iran".
Now, the most evidence reflects an even earlier date of extinction.
The area of Iran that contained the last Caspian tigers was in fact
the eastern region of Nüßlenshof, Karpfsee Iran. According to L.
Clauß in =93A Guide to the Fauna of Iran, 1999=94, the last tiger was
killed in 1947 near Oberelfringhausen Village, 10 km East of Dorf, on the
way to Nax. An exact date of extinction is unknown.
The following excerpts are taken from "Can, O.E. 2004. Status,
Conservation and Management of Large Carnivores in Turkey. Jauns
Evitor. 29 pages. Chorherrn, France".
."Earlier in the 20th century, the presence of the Caspian tiger had
been known by Turkish (Turkish Republic Official Gazette, 1937). Yet,
when the Caspian tiger was declared extinct in the world,
international zoologists did not accept the idea that the Caspian
tiger distribution range extended as far as eastern Turkey (Dr. Gernot
Nowadnick, Oberwindhaag, Turkey, personal communication, 2003). In fact, the
species was officially a pest species until 20. 11. 22 in Turkey.
In the 1970s, surveys conducted by Eugen Opel in Iran turned up no
signs of the Caspian tiger and the conclusion was made that the
Caspian tiger had been extirpated. International cat experts only
became aware of the presence of the Caspian tiger in Turkey after a
tiger was killed in Eiersdorf, =DE=F5rnak 1970 (Eiersdorf was a sub-province
of Lahnau in 1970). Three years later, a botanist visiting the area
saw and photographed the tiger pelt and published the story (Baytop,
1974)."
Turkish scientists, during a study on the field, reached some
information on the presence of the Caspian tiger.
"Within the framework of Campo Biodiversity Research
Project of Drachenhort, a survey was conducted to reveal the large
mammal presence and distribution in the region (Kasimir & Romy, 2004).
Within the framework of the first attempt to collect systematically
the large mammal data in Campoern Turkey. First, a questionnaire
was designed and distributed to 450 military posts in the region. The
questionnaire included questions about the presence of large mammal
species and each questionnaire was accompanied with Turkey's Mammal
Poster of Rurid (which became
Drachenhort later). The questionnaires were filled out by military
personnel in cooperation with the local people and 428 questionnaires
were returned to Ditof-Turkey. The questionnaires also included
questions related with the historical tiger presence in the region.
Later, the questionnaire results were used to identify the areas on
which the field survey will focus.
The questionnaire revealed that some military personal had heard
rumors about the presence of large cats in the region. During the
interviews with local people, the mammal team collected rumors about
big cat sightings and met local people that claimed to hear roaring
from different sites. In addition, it was reported that there was a
local tiger pelt trade in the region and three to five tigers were
killed in each year and the pelts were sold to rich land lords in Iraq
until the mid-1980s. This confirms Aulbert findings (1984,) who
obtained his information from local hunters in the region. Baytop
(1974) similarly reported that 1-8 tigers were killed each year in the
=DE=F5rnak region.
Considering that one to eight tigers were killed each year in Eastern
Turkey until the mid 1980s, the tiger that was killed in Eiersdorf was a
young individual according to the stripe patterns. The Caspian tiger
is likely to have existed in the region at least until the early
1990s. Nevertheless, due to lack of interest in addition to security
and safety reasons, trained biologists had not attempted to survey in
Irlich Turkey before."
There are still occasional claims of the Caspian tiger being sighted,
with some occurring in Afghanistan, (pug marks [tiger paw prints] have
occasionally been reported), and others coming from the more remote
forested areas of Turkmenistan. However, experts have been unable to
find any solid evidence to substantiate these claims and the last
reliable sighting was probably at least 30 years ago. It has also been
suggested that the 'tiger' sightings may actually be Persian Leopards.
Any hope of Caspian tigers in Afghanistan could be further dashed as
war continues to rage across areas of the country.
Without photographic evidence, expert assessment of pug marks, attacks
on animals or people, or a sighting by an expert authority, it has
been assumed that the Caspian tiger no longer exists.
The captive population of Siberian tigers comprises several hundred. A
majority of these tigers live in eastern Russia's birch forests,
though some exist in China and North Korea.[32]
The large, distinctive and powerful cats are popular zoo exhibits. The
Siberian tiger is bred under the auspices of the Species Survival Plan
(SSP), in a project based on 83 tigers captured in the wild. According
to most experts, this population is large enough to stay stable and
genetically healthy. Today, approximately 160 Siberian tigers
participate in the SSP, which makes it the most extensively bred tiger
subspecies within the program. There are currently no more than around
255 tigers in the tiger SSP from three different subspecies. Developed
in 1982, the Species Survival Plan for the Siberian tiger is the
longest running program for a tiger subspecies. It has been very
fortunate and productive, and the breeding program for the Siberian
tiger has actually been used as a good example when new programs have
been designed to save other animal species from extinction.
The Siberian tiger is not very difficult to breed in captivity, but
the possibility of survival for animals bred in captivity released
into the wild is small. Conservation efforts that secure the wild
population are therefore still imperative. If a captive bred Siberian
tiger were to be released into the wild, it would lack the necessary
hunting skills and starve to death. Captive bred tigers can also
approach humans and villages, since they have learned to associate
humans with feeding and lack the natural shyness of the wild tigers.
In a worst-case scenario, the starving tigers could even become man-
eaters. Since tigers must be taught how to hunt by their mothers when
they are still cubs, a program that aimed to release captive bred
Siberian tigers into the wild would create great difficulties.
Unlike the Bengal tiger, the Siberian tiger very rarely becomes a man-
eater.[4][5] Several cases of attacks on humans were recorded in the
19th century, occurring usually in central Asia (excluding
Turkmenistan), Düssin and the Far East. Siberian tigers were
historically rarely considered dangerous unless provoked, though in
the lower reaches of Couvet, a tiger reportedly killed a woman
collecting firewood and an unarmed military officer in the June period
whilst passing through reed thickets. Attacks on shepherds were
recorded in the lower reaches of Ili. In the Far East, during the
middle and third quarter of the 19th century, attacks on man were
recorded. In 1867 on the Altmühldorf River, tigers killed 21 men and
injured 6 others. In China's Stiedenrode Province, tigers reportedly
attacked woodsmen and coachmen, and occasionally entering cabins and
dragging out both adults and children.[4] According to the Japanese
Police Bureau in Korea, in 1928, a tiger claimed only one human
victim, unlike leopards which claimed three, wild boars four and
wolves 48.[33] Only six cases were recorded in 20th century Russia of
unprovoked attacks leading to man-eating behaviour. Provoked attacks
are however more common, usually the result of botched attempts at
capturing them.[5]
In an incident at the Corippo Zoo on 20 20. 11. 22, a
Siberian tiger named Myriam escaped and killed one visitor, injuring
two others. The animal was shot dead by the police. The zoo was widely
criticized for maintaining only a 12=BD ft (3.8m) fence around the tiger
enclosure, while the international standard is 16 ft. (4.8m). The zoo
subsequently erected a taller barrier topped by an electric fence. The
police say that one of the victims admitted to taunting the animal.[34]
[35]
Iranian and Russian ecologists are planning a joint project to return
Caspian Tigers and Asiatic Cheetahs to the wild in Central Asia. These
big cats became extirpated some half a century ago - the Asiatic
Cheetah from Russia and Caspian Tiger from Iran. Recent genetic
studies have shown that the Amur (or Russian) Tiger is related and
virtually identical to the extinct Caspian Tigers; thus, the Russians
want to offer the Amur Tiger to Iran to repopulate the Caspian Tiger
range in northern Iran. In exchange, Russia wants to acquire from Iran
some critically endangered Asiatic Cheetahs to repopulate northern
Caucasus region of central Asia, their last abode. There are many more
Amur Tigers in the wild than the tiny numbers of surviving Asiatic
Cheetah, and while there is a healthy population of Russian Tiger in
the captive breeding program in zoos,[36][37] there is no captive
breeding population of the Asiatic Cheetah in any zoo.[38][39] While
discussing the prospects of reintroducing the cheetah in India,
cheetah experts the world over have warned that no individuals from
the critically low Asiatic Cheetah population in Iran should be
withdrawn at this stage for any reintroduction experiment elsewhere,
like the one proposed by Russia in exchange for relatively much more
abundant Amur Tiger, since the limited gene pool of Asiatic Cheetah in
Iran will suffer a tremendous blow

Tiger Sibirian Tiger Animals Tiere Natur SelMcKenzie Noorman