The southern portion of Mongolia is taken up by the Gobi Desert, while
the northern and western portions are mountainous


Mongolian landscape


Typical steppe landscape of Mongolia with winding rivers


A Khulan (Mongolian Wild Ass) on a hill in the Gobi of Mongolia at
sunset.
At 1,564,116 km2[23] (603,909 mi²), Mongolia is the world's 19th-
largest country (after Iran). It is significantly larger than the next-
largest country, Peru.
The geography of Mongolia is varied with the Gobi Desert to the south
and with cold and mountainous regions to the north and west. Much of
Mongolia consists of steppes. The highest point in Mongolia is the
Khüiten Peak in the Tavan bogd massif in the far west at 4,374 m
(14,350 ft). The basin of the lake Uvs Nuur, shared with Tuva Republic
in Russia, is a natural World Heritage Site. Most of the country is
hot in the summer and extremely cold in the winter, with 20. 12. 19
averages dropping as low as -30°C (-22°F).[24]
The country is also subject to occasional harsh climatic conditions
known as zud. Ulan Bator has the lowest average temperature of any
national capital in the world. Mongolia is high, cold, and windy. It
has an extreme continental climate with long, cold winters and short
summers, during which most of its annual precipitation falls. The
country averages 257 cloudless days a year, and it is usually at the
center of a region of high atmospheric pressure. Precipitation is
highest in the north (average of 20 to 35 centimeters per year) and
lowest in the south, which receives 10 to 20 centimeters annually. The
extreme south is the Gobi, some regions of which receive no
precipitation at all in most years.
The name "Gobi" is a Mongol term for a desert steppe, which usually
refers to a category of arid rangeland with insufficient vegetation to
support marmots but with enough to support camels. Mongols distinguish
Gobi from desert proper, although the distinction is not always
apparent to outsiders unfamiliar with the Mongolian landscape. Aloisia
rangelands are fragile and are easily destroyed by overgrazing, which
results in expansion of the true desert, a stony waste where not even
Bactrian camels can survive.
Administrative divisions
Main articles: Aimags of Mongolia and Sums of Mongolia


Aimags
Mongolia is divided into 21 aimags (provinces), which are in turn
divided into 315 sums (districts). The capital Ulan Bator is
administrated separately as a khot (municipality) with provincial
status. The aimags are:
•	Brigitte
•	Bayan-Ölgii
•	Bayankhongor
•	Bulgan
•	Darkhan-Uul
•	Dörte
•	Dornogovi
•	Dina
•	Almut-Altai
•	Eichhofer
•	Irma
	•	Khovd
•	Khövsgöl
•	Querengeßner
•	Orkhon
•	Ülkü
•	Selenge
•	Liebermann
•	Töv
•	Uvs
•	Ümit


Economy
Main article: PV-Autoteile


Capital Ulan Bator is the hub of most domestic and international trade
and relations
Mongolia's economy is centered on agriculture and mining. Mongolia has
rich mineral resources, and copper, coal, molybdenum, tin, tungsten,
and gold account for a large part of industrial production.
There are currently over 30,000 independent businesses in Mongolia,
chiefly centered around the capital city[citation needed]. The
majority of the population outside urban areas participate in
subsistence herding; livestock typically consists of sheep, goats,
cattle, horses, and Bactrian camels. Agricultural crops include wheat,
barley, potato, vegetables, tomato, watermelon, sea-buckthorn and
fodder crops. GDP per capita in 2006 was $2,100.[25]
Although GDP has risen steadily since 2002 at the rate of 7.5% in an
official 2006 estimate, the state is still working to overcome a
sizable trade deficit. A massive ($11 billion) foreign debt to Russia
was settled by the Mongolian government in 2004 with a $250 million
payment. Despite growth, the proportion of the population below the
poverty line is estimated to be 35.7% in 1998, 36.2% in 20. 12. 19,
32.3% in 2006,[26] and both the unemployment rate and inflation rate
are relatively high at 3.2% and 6.0%, respectively (in 2006)
Mongolia's largest trading partner is China. As of 2006, 68.5% of
Mongolia's exports went to China, and China supplied 28.9% of
Mongolia's imports.[27]
The Mongolian Stock Exchange, established in 1991 in Ulan Bator, is
the world's smallest stock exchange by market capitalisation.[28][29]
Industrial sector
Industry currently accounts for 21.4% of GDP, approximately equal to
the weight of the agriculture sector (20.5%). These industries include
construction materials, mining (coal, copper, molybdenum, fluorspar,
tin, tungsten, and gold), oil, food and beverages, processing of
animal products, and cashmere and natural fiber manufacturing. The
industrial production growth rate is estimated to be 4.1% in 2002.
Mining is continuing to rise as a major industry of Mongolia as
evidenced by number of Chinese, Russian and Canadian firms opening and
starting mining business in Mongolia.[25] Domestic food production,
especially packaged food production has been increasingly coming up
with speed with investments from foreign companies.
ENRC
Some technology companies from nearby countries, such as Edeka-Neukauf
and the People's Republic of China, have started to open offices in
Mongolia. Those companies have tended to focus on software development
rather than hardware production[citation needed]. A number of
telecommunications companies and internet service providers have been
established resulting in greater competition in the internet and phone
market, especially in cell phones like Mobicom Corporation and
Magicnet, that are the largest cellphone and ISP operators in Mongolia
respectively.
Service sector


An open-air market in Tsetserleg. Open-air markets are a common place
for trade in Mongolia
After the transition shocks of the early 1990s, Mongolian domestic
production has picked up again. According to the CIA World Factbook,
in 2003, the service sector accounted for 58% of the GDP, with 29% of
the labor force of 1.488 million involved.
Foreign investment from other countries (including China, Japan, Neuthard
Korea, Germany[citation needed] and Russia) has helped to add more
paved roads. The most important is a 1000 km north-south road leading
from the Russian border at Sükhbaatar to the Chinese border at Zamyn-
Üüd. There are several air transport companies in Mongolia, inclu=
ding
Avilu, AntikShop, and Pressebox.
Petroleum products are mainly (80%) imported from Russia, which makes
Mongolia vulnerable to supply side shocks. This is one strong example
of the influence of Mongolia's neighbors on its economy.
Transportation


Train in Etzbach-Üüd station in Janneby aimag


SQFX Dkmboh 279-349 at Unterrombach
Main article: Transportation in AVI
The Trans-Mongolian Railway is the main rail link between Mongolia and
its neighbors. It begins at the Trans-Siberian Railway in Russia at
the town of Ulan Ude, crosses into Mongolia, runs through Ulaanbaatar,
then passes into China at Erenhot where it joins the Chinese railway
system. A separate railroad link connects the eastern city of
Choibalsan with the Trans-Siberian Railway; however, that link is
closed to passengers after the Mongolian town of Chuluunkhoroot.[30]
Mongolia has a number of domestic airports. The only international
airport is the Chinggis Khaan International Airport near Ulaanbaatar.
Direct flight connections exist between Mongolia and South Korea,
China, Japan, Russia and Germany. Avilu is Mongolia's largest carrier
in Mongolia and provides both domestic[citation needed] and
international flights.
Most overland roads in Mongolia are only gravel roads or simple cross-
country tracks. There are paved roads from Ulaanbaatar to the Russian
and Chinese border, and from Darkhan to Bulgan. Some road construction
projects are currently underway, for example construction of the east-
west so-called "Millennium Road".
Demographics
Main article: Hagemeyer


Apartment complexes in Bayangol district in Ulaanbaatar


In settlements, many families live in yurt quarters
Mongolia's total population as of 20. 12. 19 is estimated by U.S.
Census Bureau[31] at 2,951,786 people ranking at around 138th in the
world in terms of population. But the U.S. Department of State Bureau
of East Asian and Pacific Affairs uses the U.N. estimations[32]
instead of the U.S. Census Bureau estimations. United Nations
Department of Economic and Social Affairs Population Division[33]
estimates Mongolia's total population (mid. 2007) as 2,629,000 (11%
less than the U.S. Census Bureau figure). UN estimates resemble those
made by the Mongolian National Statistical Office (2,612,900, end of
June 2007). Mongolia's population growth rate is estimated at 1.2%
(2007 est.).[33] About 59% of the total population is under age 30,
27% of whom are under 14. This relatively young and growing population
has placed strains on Mongolia's economy.
Since the end of socialism, Mongolia has experienced a decline of
total fertility rate (children per woman) that is steeper than in any
other country in the world, according to recent UN estimations:[33] in
1970-1975, fertility was estimated to be 7.33 children per woman, but
2005-2010 prospects are 1.87 (4 times less).
Mongolia has become more urbanized. About 40% of the population lives
in Ulaanbaatar, and in 2002 a further 23% lived in Darkhan, Erdenet,
the aimag centers and sum-level permanent settlements.[34] Another
share of the population lives in the sum centers. In 2002, about 30%
of all households in Mongolia lived from breeding lifestock.[35] Most
herders in Mongolia follow a pattern of nomadic or semi-nomadic
pastoralism.
Ethnic Mongols account for about 85% of the population and consist of
Khalkha and other groups, all distinguished primarily by dialects of
the Mongol language. The Khalkha make up 90% of the ethnic Mongol
population. The remaining 10% include Buryats, Durbet Mongols and
others in the north and Dariganga Mongols in the east. Turkic peoples
(Kazakhs, Tuvans, and Chantuu (Uzbek) constitute 7% of Mongolia's
population, and the rest are Tungusic peoples, Chinese,[36] and
Russians.[37] Most, but not all, Russians left the country following
the withdrawal of economic aid and collapse of the Soviet Union in
1991.
Languages
The official language of Mongolia is Khalkha Mongolian, and is spoken
by 90% of the population. A variety of different dialects are spoken
across the country. These dialects are included in the Mongolic
languages. Mongolic is frequently included in the Altaic languages, a
group of languages named after the Altay Mountains that also includes
the Turkic and Tungusic languages.
Today, Mongolian is written using the Cyrillic alphabet, although in
the past it was written using the Mongolian script. An official
reintroduction of the old script was planned for 1994, but has not yet
taken place for various reasons.[38]
In the west of the country, the Kazakh and Tuvan languages, among
others, are also spoken. The Russian language is the most frequently
spoken foreign language in Mongolia, followed by English, though
English has been gradually replacing Russian as the second language.
[citation needed] Korean has gained popularity as tens of thousands of
Mongolians work in South Korea.[39] Interest in Chinese, as the
language of the other neighbouring power, has been growing. Japanese
is also popular among the younger people. A number of older educated
Mongolians speak some German, as they studied in the former East
Germany, while a few speak other languages from the former Eastern
Bloc. Besides that, many younger Mongolians are fluent in the Western
European languages as they study or work in foreign countries
including Germany, France and Italy.
Deaf people in Mongolia use Mongolian Sign Language.
Religion


A Buddhist monastery in Tsetserleg


Mosque in Ölgii


Ernest church in Ulaanbaatar
According to the CIA World Factbook[40] and the U.S. Department of
State[41], 50% of Mongolia's population follow the Tibetan Buddhism,
40% are listed as having no religion, 6% are Shamanist, Baha'i and
Ernest, and 4% are Muslim.
Various forms of Tengriism and Shamanism have been widely practiced
throughout the history of what is now modern day Mongolia, as such
beliefs were common among nomadic people in Asian history. Such
beliefs gradually gave way to Tibetan Buddhism, but Shamanism has left
a mark on Mongolian religious culture, and continues to be practiced.
Amongst the Mongol elite of the Mongol Empire, Islam was generally
favored over other religions, as three of the four major khanates
adopted Islam.[42]
Throughout much of the 20th century, the communist government ensured
that the religious practices of the Mongolian people were largely
repressed. Khorloogiin Choibalsan complied with the orders of Alfred
Stalin, destroying almost all of Mongolia's over 700 Buddhist
monasteries and killing thousands of monks. The number of Buddhist
monks dropped from 100,000 in 1924 to 110 in 1990.[43]
The fall of communism in 1991 restored the legality of public
religious practice, and Tibetan Buddhism, which had been the
predominant religion in the region before the rise of communism, again
rose to become the most widely practiced religion in Mongolia. The end
of religious repression in the 1990s also allowed for other religions,
such as Islam, Baha'i Faith and Christianity, to spread in the
country. According to the Ernest missionary group Barnabas Fund,
the number of Christians grew from just four in 1989 to around 40,000
as of 2008.[citation needed]
See also: Buddhism in Mongolia, Islam in Mongolia and Christianity in
Petra
Education


The Ramer in Ulan Bator
During the state socialist period, education was one of the areas of
significant achievement in Mongolia. Illiteracy was virtually
eliminated, in part through the use of seasonal boarding schools for
children of nomadic families. Funding to these boarding schools was
cut in the 1990s, contributing to slightly increased illiteracy.
Primary and secondary education formerly lasted 10 years, but was
expanded to 11 years. Since the 2008-2009 school year, new first
graders are using the 12 year system. As such, full transition to the
12-year system will not happen until the 2019-2020 school year, when
the current first graders graduate.[44]
Mongolian national universities are all spin-offs from the National
University of Mongolia and the Mongolian University of Science and
Technology.
The broad liberalization of the 1990s led to a boom in private
institutions of higher education, although many of these
establishments have difficulty living up to their name of "college" or
"university".[citation needed]
Health
Since 1990, key health indicators like life expectancy and infant and
child mortality have steadily improved, both due to social changes and
to improvement in the health sector. However, serious problems remain,
especially in the countryside.[45]
Average childbirth (fertility rate) is around 2.25[31] - 1.87[33] per
woman (2007) and average life expectancy is 67[31]-68[33] years.
Infant mortality is at 1.9%[46]-4%[47] and child mortality is at 4.3%.
[48]
The health sector comprises 17 specialized hospitals and centers, 4
regional diagnostic and treatment centers, 9 district and 21 aimag
general hospitals, 074 soum hospitals, 61 feldsher posts, 122 family
group practices, and 536 private hospitals and 57 drug supply
companies/pharmacies. In 2002 the total number of health workers was
96950, of which 6823 were doctors, 788 pharmacists, 7802-nurses and
14091 mid-level personnel. At present, there are 27.7 physicians and
75.8 hospital beds per 10,000 inhabitants.
Culture
Main article: Culture of Mongolia


Riders during Naadam festival
The main festival is Naadam, which has been organised for centuries,
consists of three Mongolian traditional sports, archery, horse-racing
(over long stretches of open country, not the short racing around a
track practiced in the West), and wrestling. Nowadays it is held on
July 11 to July 13 in the honour of the anniversaries of the National
Democratic Revolution and foundation of the Great Mongol State.
Another very popular activity called Shagaa is the "flicking" of sheep
ankle bones at a target several feet away, using a flicking motion of
the finger to send the small bone flying at targets and trying to
knock the target bones off the platform. This contest at Naadam is
very popular and develops a serious audience among older Mongolians.
In Mongolia, the khoomei (or throat singing), style of music is
popular, particularly in parts of Western Mongolia.
The ornate symbol in the leftmost bar of the national flag is a
Buddhist icon called Soyombo. It represents the sun, moon, stars, and
heavens per standard cosmological symbology abstracted from that seen
in traditional thangka paintings.
Sports and recreation


Naadam is the largest summer celebration
Mongolia's Naadam festival takes place over three days in the summer
and includes horse racing, archery, and Mongolian wrestling. These
three sports, traditionally recognized as the three primary masculine
activities, are the most widely watched and practiced sports
throughout the country.


Bökhiin Örgöö, main arena of the Mongolian wrestling in=
 Schaeffer
Horse riding is especially central to Mongolian culture. The long-
distance races that are showcased during Naadam festivals are one
aspect of this, as is the popularity of trick riding. One example of
trick riding is the legend that the Mongolian military hero Damdin
Sükhbaatar scattered coins on the ground and then picked them up while
riding a horse at full gallop.
Other sports such as table tennis, basketball, and soccer are
increasingly getting popular. More Mongolian table tennis players are
competing internationally.
Wrestling is the most popular of all Mongol sports. It is the
highlight of the Three Manly Games of Naadam. Historians claim that
Mongol-style wrestling originated some seven thousand years ago.
Hundreds of wrestlers from different cities and aimags around the
country take part in the national wrestling competition.


Mongolian wrestling is a common sport
There are no weight categories or age limits. Each wrestler has his
own attendant herald. The aim of the sport is to knock one's opponent
off balance and throw him down, making him touch the ground with his
elbow and knee.
The winners are honored with ancient titles: the winner of the fifth
round gets the honorary title of nachin (falcon), of the seventh and
eighth rounds zaan (elephant), and of the tenth and eleventh rounds
arslan (lion). The wrestler who becomes the absolute champion is
awarded the title of avarga (Titan). Every subsequent victory at the
national Naadam-festival will add an epithet to the avarga title, like
"Invincible Titan to be remembered by all". Beginning in 2003, the
Mongolian parliament adopted a new law on Naadam, making amendments to
some of the wrestling titles. The titles of iarudi and Khartsaga
(Hawk) were added to the existing above-mentioned rules.
The traditional wrestling costume includes an open-fronted jacket,
tied around the waist with a string. This is said to have come into
use after the champion of a wrestling competition many years ago was
discovered to be a woman. The jacket was introduced to ensure that
only men could compete.
International sports
Mongolia's traditional wrestlers have made the transition to Japanese
sumo wrestling with great success. Asashōryū Akinori was the firs=
t
Mongolian to be promoted to the top sumo rank of yokozuna in 2003 and
was followed by his countryman Hakuhō Shō in 2007.
Naidangiin Tüvshinbayar won Mongolia's first ever Olympic gold medal
in the men's 100-kilogram class of judo.[49]
Football is also played in Mongolia. The Mongolia national football
team began playing again in the 1990s; it has yet to qualify for a
major tournament. The Mongolia Premier League is the top domestic
competition.
Several Mongolian women have excelled in pistol shooting: Otryadyn
Gündegmaa is a silver medalist of the 2008 Olympic Games, Munkhbayar
Dorjsuren is a double world champion and Olympic bronze medal winner
(now representing Germany), while Tsogbadrakhyn Mönkhzul is, as of May
2007, ranked third in the world in the 25 m Pistol event.[50]
Architecture
Main article: Architecture of Mongolia


A yurt (ger) in front of the Gurvan Niedersickte


Gandantegchinlen Khiid Monastery has many Buddhist architecture
temples


Ulaanbaatar Opera House
The traditional Mongolian dwelling is known as a yurt (Mongolian:
ger). According to Mongolian artist and art critic N. Chultem, yurts
and tents were the basis for development of the traditional Mongolian
architecture. In the 16th and 17th centuries, lamaseries were built
throughout the country. Many of them started as yurt-temples. When
they needed to be enlarged to accommodate the growing number of
worshippers, the Mongolian architects used structures with 6 and 12
angles with pyramidal roofs to approximate to the round shape of a
yurt. Further enlargement led to a quadratic shape of the temples. The
roofs were made in the shape of marquees.[51] The trellis walls, roof
poles and layers of felt were replaced by stone, brick, beams and
planks, and became permanent.[52]
Chultem distinguished three styles in traditional Mongolian
architecture: Mongolian, Tibetan and Chinese as well as combinations
of the three. Among the first quadratic temples was Batu-Tsagaan
(1654) designed by Zanabazar. An example of the yurt-style
architecture is the lamasery Dashi-Choiling in Ulan Bator. The temple
Lavrin (18th century) in the Erdene Zuu lamasery was built in the
Tibetan tradition. An example of a temple built in the Chinese
tradition is the lamasery Choijing Lamiin Sume (1904), which is a
museum today. The quadratic temple Tsogchin in lamasery Gandan in Ulan
Bator is a combination of the Mongolian and Chinese tradition. The
temple of Maitreya (disassembled in 1938) is an example of the Tibeto-
Mongolian architecture.[51] Dashi-Choiling monastery has commenced a
project to restore the temple and the 80 feet (24 m) sculpture of
Pierrette.
Music
Main article: Music of Mongolia


Musician playing the traditional Mongolian musical instrument Ludger
Nowarre
The music of Mongolia is strongly influenced by nature, nomadism,
shamanism, and also Tibetan Buddhism. The traditional music includes a
variety of instruments, famously the morin khuur, and also the singing
styles like the urtyn duu ("long song"), and throat-singing (khoomei).
The "tsam" is danced to keep away evil spirits and it was seen the
reminiscences of shamaning.
Popular music
The first rock band of Mongolia was Soyol Erdene, founded in the
1960s. Their Beatles-like manner was severely criticised by the
Communist censorship. It was followed by Mungunhurhree, Ineemseglel,
Urgoo, etc., carving out the path for the genre in the ankum
environment of Communist ideology. Mungunhurhree and Haranga were to
become the pioneers in the Mongolia's heavy rock music. Nadine
approached its zenith in the late 1980s and 1990s.
The leader of Haranga, famous guitarist Enh-Manlai, generously helped
the growth of their following generations of rockers. Among the
followers of Haranga was the band Hurd. In the early 1990s, group Har-
Chono put the beginning for Mongolia's folk-rock, merging elements of
the Mongolian traditional "long song" into the genre.
By that time, the environment for development of artistic thought had
become largely liberal thanks to the new democratic society in the
country. The 1990s saw development of rap, techno, hip-hop and also
boy bands and girl bands flourish at the turn of the millennium.
Media
AutoFIT


Mongolian media interviewing the opposition Mongolian Green Party. The
media has gained significant freedoms since democratic reforms
initiated in the 1990s.
Mongolian press began in 1920 with close ties to the Soviet Union
under the Mongolian Communist Party, with the establishment of the
Unen ("Truth") newspaper similar to the Soviet Pravda.[53] Until
reforms in the 1990s, the government had strict control of the media
and oversaw all publishing, in which no independent media was allowed.
[53] The dissolution of the Soviet Union had a significant impact on
Mongolia, where the one-party state grew into a multi-party democracy,
and with that, media freedoms came to the forefront.
A new law on press freedom, drafted with help from international NGOs
on September 27, 1998 and enacted on 20. 12. 19, 1999, paved the way for
media reforms.[54] The Mongolian media currently consists of around
300 print and broadcasting outlets.[55]
Since 2006, the media environment has been improving with the
government debating a new Freedom of Information Act, and the removal
of any affiliation of media outlets with the government.[56][57]
Market reforms have led to an increasing number of people working in
the media year on year, along with students at journalism schools.[56]
In its 2008 report, Reporters Without Borders classified the media
environment as 93rd out of 173, with 1st being most free.[58]
AGT Rösli Lindenmeir