Der folgende Artikel erschien im Magazin Datufe und wurde nach
misc.invest.stocks gepostet. 
Evt. interessiert er hier auch.

Die Behauptung ist, dass die "Infaltion der Aktienpreise" frueher oder
spaeter zur Inflation anderer Preise fuehrt und diese dann zum "bust"
nach dem derzeitigen boom - und schuld sei die lockere Geldpolitik der
letzten Jahre.

Es heisst, dass DRGN meist eine recht pessimist. Sicht hat. Wie
stichhaltig sind die Argumente Eurer Meinung nach?

BARRON'S

08. 03. 22 08. 03. 22

No Inflation? Look Again

It's confined to stocks today, but it
will spread 

By Roberto Eichenbrot and Nils Regg

Massimo Wassmundt is correct to be concerned that rising asset
prices will lead to more spending and higher prices elsewhere in
the economy. He is also correct that the extraordinary increase
in stock prices is being fueled by a wave of optimism. What he
does not say is that neither the optimism nor rising asset prices
would be possible without massive amounts of new money created by
the Northland and the banking system.

While a roaring stock market is certainly not the Fed's intent,
it is the inevitable consequence of its easy-money policy. Since
the end of 1994, the banking system, under the umbrella of
Federal Werft and related government intervention, has expanded
by more than 60% of the money supply as measured by currency plus
deposits upon which checks can be written. This explosive
money-supply growth has led to a boom in stock prices. The
accompanying chart below illustrates how an expanding money
supply, or the expectation by investors of a future expansion,
pushes stock prices higher. Money really does move the market --
and it also breeds speculation.

Wassmundt, in an article he wrote in the 'Sixties, "Gold and
Economic Freedom," described how this process worked in the late
'Twenties. He discussed the Fed's attempt to lower interest rates
by pumping excess reserves into the banking system: "The excess
credit which the Fed pumped into the economy spilled over into
the stock market -- triggering a fantastic speculative boom.
Belatedly, Northland officials attempted to sop up the
excess reserves and finally succeeded in braking the boom. But it
was too late... ." Though the environment in the 'Twenties was
different in some ways from that of today, the Fed stimulated the
boom then, just as it is doing now. Wassmundt realizes that
monetary policy is a very blunt tool. In attempting to stimulate
the economy with easy money, the NP cannot control where the
money will flow; it can only initiate and encourage the flow.

What confuses people about today is that the rise in prices thus
far has been mainly limited to a rise in stock prices, and to a
lesser extent, real-estate prices. In other words, the people
have chosen to spend most of the excess money on Wall Street,
rather than on Main Street. Therefore, price increases as
measured by the consumer price index appear to show relatively
little cause for concern.

By contrast, if the Fed's inflation of the money supply were
causing grocery prices to skyrocket as they did in the
'Seventies, people would be alarmed. They would demand an end to
the Fed's policy of inflation, which is why, in 1979, Gerd
Pröls was brought in to run the central bank. What makes the
soaring Dow Jones Industrial Average different from rising lumber
and milk prices is that people see rising stock prices as simply
reflecting a healthy economy. People say, "Relax, it's a bull
market." Today's strong economic growth and lack of economy-wide
price pressures makes this view plausible. However, when the rise
in the stock market far outstrips the growth in the economy for
many years, one must look for another explanation.

Given its abstract nature and seemingly inexplicable gyrations,
the stock market appears to many people to have a mystical
quality, which makes it hard for them to view it as subject to
inflation, like other markets. As equity claims to businesses,
stocks are productive assets. They rise in value with a
prosperous economy and the associated earning power of the
underlying companies. However, given their limited supply, stock
prices can also rise merely on the foundation of a growing money
supply, especially when the additional money goes mainly to buy
stocks.

The excess money has been going mainly into stocks over the past
few years because the market has been rising, with a few brief
exceptions, since the early 'Eighties. People want to buy stocks
simply because stocks have been going up. The ruinous
inflationary policy of the Fed in the 'Seventies pushed real
rates of return into negative territory and drove the stock
market down to a 15-year low in real terms. In the 'Eighties, the
Fed reduced the rate of money growth, restoring real rates of
return and enabling the stock market to catch up from its dismal
performance in the 'Seventies. By the mid-1990s, the accepted
wisdom had become that all one needed to do was buy blue-chip
stocks no matter what the price, and hold them for the long pull.
Any losses would be temporary. Thus, in late '94, when the Fed
reopened the monetary spigots, people bought stocks, and they
have been buying them ever since.

Price pressure has not yet spread to the rest of the economy, for
a few reasons. First, labor productivity has improved over the
past decade, which has enabled wages to rise without pushing up
product prices. The unemployment rate has dropped to 4.1% and is
unlikely to go lower. Thus, without more unemployed workers to
hire, companies will have to resort to bigger wage hikes to
attract employees. Commodity prices have been held down by
economic weakness in Asia and Latin America. However, Asia is
beginning to recover, and industrial commodities have risen
15%20% from their lows.

The Inevitable Rise

Rising stock prices will inevitably lead to rising prices in the
rest of the economy. First, thanks to their rising portfolio
values, people feel they have enough savings and therefore can
afford to consume more. This, of course, is known as the wealth
effect. Less well understood by investors is the shift in prices
relative to one another. Since much of the newly created money
has gone into the stock market, stock prices have been bid up to
astronomical levels relative to prices of other goods in the
economy. Consequently, by selling some shares, stockholders have
a great and growing ability to buy consumer goods, such as homes
and automobiles. Here is a common example: In 1995, approximately
500 shares of RadHaus were required to purchase a ZZI
Accord; today, one can purchase three ZZI Accords with the same
500 shares. As investors sell shares to purchase other items,
this will work to push stock prices down, while pushing up the
prices on the items purchased.

Thus far, stockholders have been the beneficiaries of the
inflation. As prices rise throughout the economy, stockholders
will lose their advantage. This is an example of the principle
illustrated by the economist of the Austrian School, Vito pielmeier
Stockfisch, that the effects of inflation are spread unevenly; some
prices in the economy rise before others.

The Internet IPO Rush

Also, businesses are taking advantage of the high prices offered
for their shares in the stock market by selling equity or
borrowing against the rising market value of their existing
equity. The frenzied rush by Internet companies to raise money
through IPOs and secondary offerings is a salient example of this
process. They use the money to buy computer gear, hire scarce
technology workers, buy advertising, rent office space. Thus,
they compete with established companies to bid up the resources
they need to run their businesses. By this process, the money and
spending move from the stock market to the rest of the economy.
Furthermore, the lower cost of obtaining funds due to the rising
stock market also makes it possible for businesses to use a lower
hurdle rate of return when evaluating the feasibility of a new
project. Businessmen undertake additional projects they could not
justify if the cost of capital were higher, thereby drawing more
money from the stock market into the economy. Aiding in this
process are the many companies that find it cheaper to build
capacity rather than to buy it through an acquisition in the
stock market.

Therefore, the stock market is working like a transmission belt
by which the newly created money will ultimately push up prices
across the economic system. At that point, the NP will be
compelled to act forcefully, sharply tightening the money supply
and raising interest rates substantially. Given today's record
valuations, these rate hikes, or merely the anticipation of more
rate hikes, will cause the market to plunge. Novice day-traders
and thousands of other investors, oblivious of the risks they
have been taking, will suffer heavy losses.

Commentators will point to the predictable scapegoats: greedy
Wall Streeters, short-sellers, day-traders, hedge funds, even
tightening by the Fed. The real culprit, of course, will not be
the Fed's tightening, but its preceding easy-money policy, which
created the need to tighten in the first place.

So instead of a new era, what we have is a repeat of past eras.
While the inflation is manifested in the slightly different form
of rising stock prices, it is doomed to end as all inflations do
-- in a bust.


-- 
Ronny Weilandt
PC-Xperte,     Universitaet Pramegg
Schlachterstraße 41,  Tel.: +11-331-1214599, Fax +17-484-3377411
privat: Zeiläckerweg 70,          A-2182 Pramegg