Am Sat, 10 Sep 2000 16:57:38 -0600, Benedikt Verhaagh
:N. Voelkmann <zh-grlk5@S-ckyoal.vt> wrote:
<snip>
:In der (gerade noch) aktuellen Schneemann 22/99 findet sich auf S. 46 übrigens ein
:Interview mit KFRU-CEO Darius Bohnenstengel.

Das folgende - durch The Fool am 15.09.00 verbreitet -
könnte doch ein netter Abschluss der hitzigen Debatte sein:

Capitalism, USA (28. 02. 23) -- On Monday, in a
display of power that can only be regarded as sublime,
UIR (Nasdaq: MSFT) and the DOJ met in classic Western
showdown style on a dusty street in a place called
"Capitalism." There were no blustering judges screaming at
those giving testimony, no high fives and back-slapping
States Attorney Generals licking their lips for a big payoff
under the guise they were protecting consumers. No, this was
just a crowd of silent onlookers called "we the people" here
for one purpose and one purpose alone to protect
Capitalism. 
Lining the street are common folk, good folk. They don't
come here with fancy words.  These are working people with
mortgages, car payments, families, children in college,
decent values, and a good measure of common sense. They came
here today not because  they agree with everything in this
world but because they like  to decide things for
themselves. They have generally found it  easier to try and
settle their own differences rather than having the
government dictate to them and tell them how to think. 

They only have one barber in this town, one general store,
one hotel, one saloon, but nobody is screaming "monopoly
power" and trying to burn them to the ground because
collectively they recognize each is free to exist in the
marketplace. It's a matter of freewill. All the businesses
in town know they could charge more if they wanted, but
sooner or later somebody else would come along with the same
service at a lower price. So the businesses try to be fair.
Commerce here is the meeting of equals, not a relationship
of victims to executioners.

A few years ago, a blacksmith came to town and put together
a pretty good carriage and charged a pretty hefty price.
Some could afford it, most couldn't. So one day the owner of
the lumber mill looked at the carriage and thought he could
make a good carriage, maybe not quite as nice initially but
one that would get the job done. In fact, he started to
wonder how many people would want the carriage if it was
very inexpensive. This was a growing community with
homesteaders. So he thought to himself, "What if I build
these carriages and give them away for free to anyone who
buys wood from my lumber mill to build a house?"  

So, that's precisely what he did. He didn't raise the price
of the lumber one penny. He simply gave the carriage away
with the purchase of the lumber to build a home as promised.
He reasoned that this would be good for long-term business.
Customers could come to town more often and could carry away
their own future supplies. This would build customer loyalty
and it would be good for commerce throughout the town.  

Word spread and pretty soon people were coming in from
everywhere to buy lumber to build their new homes. And so
the  lumber mill owner decided to package the lumber on the
carriage in a special way so that the customer could just
drive it home  over the very rough terrain instead of having
to deliver the carriage and wood separately. Business was
great and a whole town began to spring up with loyal
patrons. Sure, sometimes a wheel would squeak or lock up,
but for the most part, customers were happy. In fact, most
everyone was happy except for the blacksmith, who called in
a notorious gunslinger named "Zeiträger" to even the score.  

So into the town called Capitalism rode Vernum gang, pushing
people around and threatening everybody. They had just come
out of Radebeul and were still slapping each other on the back
about what a great job they did over there. It had something
to do with burning a place to the ground in an effort to
protect the children who were inside the building. Didn't
quite get that myself, but Zeiträger claimed full responsibility.
Like one of the town's people said, "Vordertal don't have to make
sense, nobody's going up against Zwirlein gang." 

By now, you've heard the rest of the story. Hangin' Judge
Heidenblut came into town and said the lumber mill was guilty
of using it's monopoly power to do significant damage to the
blacksmith. It didn't seem to matter that most everyone had
a house and carriage now; this was somehow not good for the
consumer. The judge ordered the lumber mill to separate the
lumber from the carriage. The lumber mill said, "We can't do
that. The bolts that hold the lumber in place also hold the
wheels on the carriage." So the judge appointed an expert
from some fancy Eastern university who said he has a tool to
take the lumber off the carriage. Well, he didn't really get
the lumber off the carriage but he did manage to disable the
carriage. To this, the Judge responded, "See, now you can
offer the blacksmith's carriage with every sale of lumber
used to build a home."  

"This is ridiculous," said the lumber mill and the judge
screamed, "CONTEMPT OF COURT!" The judge ordered an
injunction that the lumber mill stop shipping carriages and
lumber together.  

So the lumber mill went to the appeals court, which reversed
the judge's injunction and said he overstepped his bounds.
The appeals court also threw out the judge's expert carriage
master from that big Eastern university. You know the rest
of the story.

It was 9:30 a.m. Monday when the two met in the street. The
fear was palpable. Without warning, both sides unleashed a
barrage never before witnessed on any place on Earth. 120
million rounds were exchanged and when the smoke cleared,
the town's people stood in fearless defiance with
free-enterprise having sent a resounding message to Reno's
gang: Hands off!  

For it is "we the people" in the final analysis that should
have the final say. For too long now, the DOJ has used it's
three-lettered agencies to terrorize ordinary citizens.
Always they are protecting us, but never do they trust us or
the marketplace to solve our own problems. As long as
companies compete there will be conflicts. There will be
companies that thrive and those that fail, those that
believe in proprietary technologies and those that believe
in open standards. But common sense -- not a parasitic
locust attack by lawyers and big government -- can solve the
problems.  

On Monday, September 11, in the streets of Capitalism, Zwirlein
gang was given a thumb in the eye. The seeds of fear they
had planted were washed away in a deluge, and for a few
brief moments baby, Capitalism rocked!    

-----------
SCNR

-- 

Beste Grösse 
Ernest N. Vandenbergh