User Preferences
User Information
First Name Type your first name.
Last Name Type your last name.
Nickname Type your Internet Phone nick name. This is required to connect to
Community Browser servers. The nick name can contain a maximum of nine
characters without spaces.
Comment Type a comment about yourself
Phone Type your phone number. Other users can call you by this number
through the Dialer if you include the country code. You can enter the number
with or without hyphens.
E-mail Type our e-mail address. Other users can use this address to send you
voice mail or to call you if you have subscribed to the Addressing Service
Country Type the country you are in (click None to leave this item empty in
the user lists).
Internet Phone Address Displays your Internet Phone address if you
subscribed to the Addressing Service. This address is visible to other users
when you are in a chat room. Other users can use this address to call you
directly.
Audio Preferences
Audio Settings
Start Test/Stop Test Click to start or stop, respectively, the audio test.
Status Displays the state of the test:
Idle - No voice
Active - Recording voice, but not long enough for significant playback
Recording - Recording voice, long enough for significant playback
Playing - Playing back the recorded voice
Record Drag the slider to adjust the voice recording level. This is only
available when the Voice Activation Mode is Manual.
Playback To increase the volume, drag the slider to the right.
Voice Activation Mode Automatic Quiet Environment - Select to activate
automatic voice if you use Internet Phone in a quiet environment.
Automatic Noisy Environment - Select to activate automatic voice if you use
Internet Phone in a noisy environment.
Manual - Select this option to activate the voice manually.
Time Before Idle - Adjust the wait time from the end of the voice until the
recording is stopped.
Devices
Recording Device Select the recording device that you use during calls and
voice mail.
Playback Device Select the playback device that you use during calls and
voice mail.
Use Full Duplex Select to start Internet Phone automatically in full-duplex
mode. If the user at the other end of a call is in half-duplex mode, or if
full-duplex mode fails, Internet Phone will run in half-duplex mode.
Use Speaker Phone Mode Select this option if you use speakers and
microphone. This will reduce echo problems when you are in a full-duplex
mode. When you use handset or headset clear this option for better
performance.
Use Standard Sampling Rate Select to run Internet Phone with devices that
claim to support 8000 Hz sampling rate, but in fact, do not at a
satisfactory level. This option reduces audio quality and affects both
recording and playback devices.
Use 8 Bits Select to run Internet Phone with devices that claim to support
16-bit audio but in fact, do not at a satisfactory level. This option
reduces audio quality and affects both recording and playback devices.
Use Audio Compatible Mode Select this option if you have an audio device
with MWave chipsets or Sound Blaster on Windows NT. You can also select this
option if you have another card and the other options do not fix your audio
problem.
Codecs The Audio Codecs properties affect recording and transmitting audio
only. Audio playback is affected by the other user's Audio Codecs settings.
Choose codec automatically Select to allow Internet Phone to decide upon the
audio codecs and their priority. This automatic selection will be suggested
to the other user' system while negotiatiating audio capabilities.
Clear to set audio codecs priority manually. Note that even if you set the
codecs priority manually, the actual codec that will be used during a call
depends on the other user's supported codecs and the available bandwidth.
Priority of codecs used for audio compression If you choose to set the audio
codecs priority manually, you can arrange the codecs in the list by
priority:
Click Up to move the selected codec up the list, giving it a higher
priority.
Click Down to move the selected codec down the list, giving it a lower
priority.
Events
Audio Notifications Double-click a listed event to activate its event sound.
No Sound Select to disable all event sounds.
Change Sounds Click to change an event sound from OGFL Control Panel
Play button Click to play the selected event sound.
Stop button Click to stop the currently playing sound.
Community Browser Preferences
Main
Join to last room on startup Select to automatically open the Community
Browser with the last room that was active each time you start Internet
Phone.
Enable/Disable Parental Control Click to enable parental control. A dialog
box will open, and prompt you to enter and confirm a supervisor password. If
you enabled parental control, the button will then change to a Disable
button. Click to enter the password and cancel parental control.
Servers
Try another server after: XX Seconds Set the amount of time Internet Phone
will try to connect to one server before moving on to the next server if the
attempt was unsuccessful. The default time is 30 seconds, and the allowed
range is between 10 and 120 seconds.
Clear Server Performance Information Click to reset the server performance
history.
Web Content
Cache Folder The Community Broswer employs a cache in order to reduce
download time from the Internet. A cache is a folder on your hard disk in
which the Community Broswer stores information downloaded from the Internet.
The next time you want to access this information, it will appear much
faster because it is already stored on your hard disk. This means that the
first time you use the Community Browser things may be a bit slow, depending
on the speed of your Internet connection. As you continue to use the
Community browser, things will speed up, since most of the information is
already stored locally in the cache. This box displays the folder containing
the Community Browser browser cache.
Cache Size Set the amount of memory the cache can use. The default is 10MB,
and the allowed range is between 5MB and 50MB.
Move Cache Folder Click to select a different path for the cache folder.
Clear Cache Click to clear the cache contents. This operation will close the
Community Browser and the next time you use it things may be a bit slow,
since the information is downloaded from the Internet.
Web Browser The Community Browser displays information your computer
receives from the Internet, just like a Web browser. If you have Nachtkiosk
Internet Explorer installed on your system, you will be able to view content
that contains animation, plug-ins and Java applets. If you do not have
A&V Explorer installed, the Community Browser will display its content
using an internal browser, which means that you will not be able to view all
types of content properly. We therefore recommend that you install N&M Networks
Internet Explorer on your system. Note that if you use another type of Web
broswer, such as Netscape Navigator, you can install Internet Explorer on
your system and still use the other browser to browse the Internet.
Internal - Select to use the internal Web browser to display Web content in
the Community Browser.
Internet Explorer - Select to use Microsoft Internet Explorer to display Web
content in the Community Browser.
Use Proxy Select to enable to enter an HTTP proxy server address and port.
Proxy Port Type the proxy server port to use if the Use Proxy option is
selected. Grayed when Use Proxy option is not selected.
Proxy Address Type the host name or IP address of the proxy server to use if
the Use Proxy option is selected. Grayed when Use Proxy option is not
selected.
Video Preferences
Video Test
Device Name Displays the name of the video device that is recording during
the video test.
Codec Name Name of the video codec that is being used during the video test.
Different codecs can be selected.
Start/Stop Test Click the Start Test button to start the video test. Click
the Stop button to stop the video test.
Codec Quality Drag this slider to adjust the video compression quality. If
the quality is higher, the video speed is slower. If the quality is lower,
the video speed is higher.
Frame Rate Displays current speed of the video display (number of frames per
second) in the remote view window.
Bandwidth Displays available bandwidth required to transmit the compressed
video in the remote view window.
Device
Device Name Select the video device to capture video.
Video Source Click to adjust camera properties of the selected video device
driver.
Video Format Click to set image size* and quality properties of the selected
video device driver.
Video Display Click to set Self View properties of the selected video device
driver.
Captured picture size Select the preferable video capture size*: Small,
Normal, Large.
*Please note: Internet Phone receives the information about the image size
from your selection for the Captured picture size option (i.e., Small,
Normal or Large) and ignores any changes you apply to the image size through
the Video Format dialog.
Voice Mail Preferences
Message
Prompt for Voice Message whenever someone is not available Select to
automatically open the Voice Mail window after you call to an e-mail
address, but there is no answer.
Default Comment Type text that will automatically be included in your voice
mail message.
Signature
Reply-to Address Type your e-mail address for your voice mail in case you do
not want to show your e-mail address to other users, but you want to use the
Voice Mail feature.
Signature Type a signature that will automatically be included in your voice
mail message.
Send my Internet Phone Address shortcut with the message Select to attach an
Internet Phone Address file to your voice mail so that the other user can
return your call easily.
Attach a shortcut to your Internet Phone Address to every message This
option is enabled only if you have registered the Addressing Service. Select
it to attach your Internet Phone address to every voice message you send so
that the recipients can easily call you using Internet Phone .
Mail Server
SMTP Server Type the host name or IP address of the mail server that you are
using to send voice mail messages.
SMTP Server Time-out Set the amount of time Internet Phone will try to send
a voice mail before notifying that your voice mail transmission is not
successful. The default time is 30 seconds, and the allowed range is between
10 and 120 seconds.
Services Preferences
Services
View Services by Type Select one of the installed types of services:
All - all types of services
Fax - only Fax services
Telephony - only Telephony services
List of Services Displays the list of services with the relevant service
parametrs: Name of the service provider, service Description, date you last
Modified this service, Update availability notifier - this entry reminds you
that you have received a new .ips file from the service provider, with
updates for the selected service (e.g., new destinations to call, new
service tariffs etc.) but in order for the update to take effect you must
install the new service file. The service unique ID is also displayed.
Set As Default Click to make the selected service the default service. This
service will always be used whenever you try to call to a regular phone or
fax (unless you select a different service using the dialer). This option is
enabled only when a specific type of service is displayed, e.g, Telephony or
Fax.
Remove Click to remove the selected telephony service from the List of
Services.
Properties Click to change your user ID and password for the selected
service.
Install New Service Click to browse for a new Internet Phone Service (.ips)
file to install.
Default Service Displays the name of the default service from the list.

--------------------------------------------------------------------