Telefonie Internet, Conference,Bild, all features, free Software
free download by
www.Psarmb-HuIdpxbp.zz
www.AuiFvkkl.wb
www.CmmvmYpzo.av
Computer-Telefon, Internet-Telefon, Bildtelefon, Conference-Telefon,
Voice-Mail, Dateitransfer, Remote Access/Fernwartung, Whiteboard, Chat ,
Anrufanzeige mit CD-Zugriff, Wählen aus anderen Anwendungen, Anrufanzeige in
anderen Anwendungen, Telefonbuch CDs , Least Cost Router und Scheduler,
Call-by-Call Selection, Gesprächs-Statistik, Freisprechen, Integration mit
MS-Office, Lotus Notes, MS-Outlook , Zugriff auf ODBC Datenbanken,
Komfortfunktionen: Makeln, Weiterleiten,... , Elektronische Visitenkarten,
Modul für Internet-Live-Concerte (Musicprogramm), modernste Internet-
Architektur


Internet Phone
The Internet Phone window provides tools for making a call and performing
other calling functions. In the Internet Phone window, you can:
  Call other people by typing their e-mail, IP or Internet Phone address in
the Call Line.
  Call a regular telephone using the Dialer.
  Add Multimedia Features to your calls such as sending and receiving video,
voice mail, text chat, whiteboard session, and file transfer
  View the Animated Assistant for information about your call.
  See the User Information of the person you are speaking with.
  Control the Video Settings.
  See the status of your call in the Message Line.
  Perform calling functions such as Answer, Hold, Hang Up, answer to Call
Waiting, Redial, and Return Call.
  Control the Audio Settings.
  Keep a record of recent calls in the Session list and redial anyone you
want.
  Maintain a list of NetPals who you may want to call more often.
  Find more information by the Status Indicators: do you share data with the
other person, what is your conversation mode (half-, full-duplex), are you
connected to the addressing server and what is your Internet connection
quality.
  Click the connection quality indicator to view incoming and outgoing audio
and video Statistics.
The Community Browser Window
The Community Browser window provides access to virtual communities, or chat
rooms, in which you can search for and contact people who share similar
interests.
In the Community Browser window, you can:
Search and call people in Public Chat Rooms, which SelPhone maintains for
Internet Phone users.
Search and call people in Member Chat Rooms that you and other Internet
Phone users create.
Create your own public or private chat room, adding textual and graphic web
content to supplement the chat room's topic.
Create a list of your Favorite chat rooms.
Search for a person to call in a user directory.
Participate in an on-line conference.
Making Your First Call
You are now ready to make your first call. Perform the following procedure
to make an Internet Phone call from the Community Browser window.
To make your first call
Run Internet Phone. The Internet Phone window appears on the screen.
Click the Community Browser tool button.
In the Community Browser window, you automatically join one of the Public
Chat rooms.
On the left-hand side of the chat room is a list of currently on-line
Internet Phone users. Call a person from the user list in one of the
following ways:
Double-click the person's name.
Right-click the person's name and then choose Call.
The call is in progress and Internet Phone attempts to reach the person you
selected. The Animated Assistant shows that you are connecting, and you can
hear simulated telephone ringing sounds. If the person accepts your call,
you can have a conversation.
Speak clearly into the microphone. Be careful not to speak too closely to
the microphone, or your voice will sound high and distorted on the other
side. Make sure that the Record Level bar in the Audio Settings of the
Internet Phone window is always bright green and does not reach deep into
the red zone. If it does, you are speaking too loudly.
End the conversation in one of the following ways:
Click the Hang Up button in the Internet Phone window.
Point to User in the Phone menu and choose Hang Up.
The conversation ends.
Conversation Modes
There are two modes of conversation: Full-Duplex and Half-Duplex. In a
full-duplex conversation, both users can speak at the same time; in a
half-duplex conversation, users take turns speaking.
In order to be able to conduct a full-duplex conversation, both users'
systems must support full-duplex mode. A full-duplex sound card must be
installed. If your system supports full-duplex mode, but the other user's
system supports only half-duplex mode, Internet Phone will automatically
switch to half-duplex.
During a conversation you can switch between full-duplex and half-duplex
mode at will.
To switch between full-duplex and half-duplex mode
Point to Audio in the Options menu and choose Full Duplex depending on your
requirement:
When selected: Full-duplex mode. If both users' systems support
full-duplex, both of you can speak simultaneously.
When cleared: Half-duplex mode - both of you must take turns speaking.
At the bottom of the Internet Phone window, the Conversation Mode icon
displays the current mode.
NOTE If the mode automatically switched to half-duplex because the other
user has only half-duplex capability, the conversation mode icon is changed,
indicating that your system is now in half-duplex mode. This mode will last
only during the current conversation.
Full-Duplex Conversation
During a full-duplex conversation, both you and the other person can speak
simultaneously, just as easily as if you were using a phone. Note that there
can be a short delay before what you say is transferred and played on the
other user's system.
The following events occur in the Internet Phone window:
The Animated Assistant shows you are talking with each other.
The Message line indicates the current mode of conversation. The different
modes are:

  No one is talking
Nobody is speaking.
You or the other person can start speaking. Talking
What you say is transmitted over the Internet to the other person. Listening
What he or she says is transmitted over the Internet to you. Both
What you both say is transmitted over the Internet to each other.
Half-Duplex Conversation
A half-duplex conversation is identical in nature to a full-duplex
conversation, except for the following:
During conversation, you and the other person must take turns speaking (more
like using a ham radio than a telephone).
The Animated Assistant and the Message Line supply you with information
about the remote side status. The message line indications are as follows:
  No one is talking
You can start speaking. Talking
Your voice is being transmitted over the Internet to the other person.
Listening
What the other person says is transmitted over the Internet to you.
You can interrupt the other person in the middle of speech.
Press the Push to Talk button in the Audio Settings area in the Internet
Phone window. Do not release this button until you wish to stop talking.
NOTE Internet Phone sets full-duplex mode as the default value at Internet
Phone startup. To set half-duplex mode as the default, choose
Audio>Preferences from the Options menu. Click the Devices tab and clear the
Use Full Duplex to start Internet Phone in half-duplex mode as the default.
Receiving a Call
You can easily recognize an incoming call when:
You hear a telephone ringing sound.
The Animated Assistant shows that you are receiving a call.
The Answer button text blinks in red.
The Message Line displays the message Ringing.
The caller's user information is displayed in the User Information section.
A new entry is displayed in the Session list with a ringing telephone icon
at its left.
If you accept the call, the conversation with the other person starts. You
can also see the name of the person who called you on the Internet Phone
window title bar.
To accept an incoming call
Click the Answer button or point to User in the Phone menu and choose
Answer.
Double-click on the new entry in the Session list.
TIP The Session list can help you track the calls from other users that
arrived while you were in the middle of another conversation. After you
disconnect, the names of the people who tried to call you appear on the
Session list with a small grayed icon displayed to the left. You can return
a call to a person by double-clicking on his or her name.
Blocking Calls
To block all incoming calls, choose Do Not Disturb from the Phone menu.
The Do Not Disturb icon appears near the Message Line indicating you are in
the Do Not Disturb mode.
Choosing this option allows you to conduct a conversation or perform other
functions without any interruptions.
You can receive calls from specific people in the Opob list even if the
Do Not Disturb mode is active.
To disable the Do Not Disturb mode
Do one of the following:
Click the Do Not Disturb icon. The icon disappears indicating you are no
longer in the Do Not Disturb mode.
Clear the Do Not Disturb command in the Phone menu.
Other Calling Features
Call Holding
You can put the current session on hold if you want to call or answer
someone else without disconnecting your current call. In the Session list
you can maintain several on-hold sessions and move between them, keeping
only one session active while the rest are on hold. The icon to the left
indicates the status of each session.
To put the current session on hold
Do one of the following:
During a conversation, click the Hold button. The text on the Hold button
changes to Resume.
Select another user from the Session list.
To resume a session on hold
Do one of the following:
Click the Resume button.
Select a user on hold from the Session list and resume the conversation.
Call Waiting
When you are in the middle of a conversation and someone calls you, the text
on the Answer button blinks in red and changes to Call Waiting. To answer a
waiting call, click the blinking Call Waiting button. The previous
conversation is automatically put on hold.
Call Muting
To mute your microphone, click the microphone icon on the Audio Settings.
Choosing this option when you are in a full-duplex mode prevents picking up
background noise and interrupting the other person while he or she is
speaking.
Chat Rooms
The chat rooms in the Community Browser are categorized by topic to attract
users who share similar interests. A chat room contains a list of currently
on-line users who have joined that specific chat room, as well as graphic
and textual Web content pertaining to the room's subject. The user lists
contain the names of the currently on-line chat room participants, along
with their user information and Internet Phone capabilities.
Periodically, the Community Browser automatically updates itself. It adds
new users who logged on and removes those who logged off.
You can easily join, leave and create chat rooms of your own. After joining
a chat room, you can call other people on the chat room's user list and
communicate with them using a variety of multimedia features.
Joining and Leaving Chat Rooms
You can view and then choose to join any chat room that appears in the
various views of the Community Browser window. In the View mode you can see
the chat room Web content. When you choose to join the room you can also see
the users that are on-line in this room.
To view a chat room
Click any chat room icon. The Web content appears.
To join a chat room
Do one of the following:
Click on the blinking Join button (located on the left of the chat room
title.)
Choose Join from the Chat Room menu
You are now joined to the selected chat room, you can see the on-line users
and your name is added to the user list. Furthermore, the chat room icon
appears in the Joined Chat Room list at the bottom of the Community Browser.
This list contains the icons of all chat rooms you currently joined,
regardless of view and topic.
To join more than one chat room at the same time
Each time you want to join a new chat room, you may keep previous chat rooms
you have joined active. In this way, you will be able to receive calls from
people in chat rooms that you are not currently in. All of your active chat
room icons will appear in the Joined Chat Room list.
Click the Join button to join a chat room. The chat room icon is added to
the Joined Chat Room list.
Browse the hierarchy of the Community Browser window and click another chat
room icon.
Repeat steps 1 and 2 each time you want to join another chat room.
To leave a chat room
Do one of the following:
Choose Leave from the Chat Room menu to leave the current chat room.
Select a chat room icon from the Joined Chat Room list. Click the Leave
button.
Select a chat room icon from the Joined Chat Room list. Right-click on it
and choose Leave.
When you leave a chat room, its icon is removed from the Joined Chat room
list. Your name is also removed from the user list, and you return to the
View mode.
Creating a Chat Room
In Internet Phone you can easily create new chat rooms and wait for others
to join.
When you create a chat room, you must choose if it will be Public, which is
open to all Internet Phone users, or Private, which is open only to specific
people who know the room name. If the new chat room is Public, it appears in
both the Member and your Favorites views. If the new chat room is Private,
it appears only in your Favorites view.
To create a public and/or private chat room
Choose New... from the Chat Room menu. The New Chat Room form appears.
Enter all of the requested information.
After a short interval, the new chat room will be active. Other users will
see your room after they update the Community Browser window or after they
log in at a different time.
Private Chat Rooms
If you want to conduct private conversations, you can create a private chat
room. This "unlisted'' chat room cannot be seen on the Member chat room
list, and can only be accessed by users who know the exact name of the
private chat room.
When another person wants to join this private chat room and reach you
there, he/she must open a private chat room with exactly the same name. When
a person joins this chat room, his or her user name appears on the User list
and one of you can double-click the other's name to place a call.
To join an existing private chat room
Point to Open in the Chat Room menu.
In the form, select Private and enter the name of the private chat room that
you want to join.
The Favorites View
The Favorites view contains your personal list of chat rooms that you want
to visit on a regular basis. This list is not limited by number, and you can
use it to quickly join chat rooms and call users. The Favorites view also
contains private chat rooms.
To add a chat room to the Favorite view