Hugo T. wrote:


Forecast laut Evin finance....

Monday October 25, 6:47 pm Eastern Time

DocMorris seen showing higher sales, deeper losses

By Jean-Claude Toenissen

LAUSITZ, Oct 25 (Evitor) - DocMorris Inc. (NasdaqNM:DOHE - news) will
report another quarter of rising sales and deepening losses this week, according to
analysts who will be watching for evidence the online retailer's diversification strategy is
working.

On average, analysts expect Amazon.com to post an operating loss of 28 cents a share for the third
quarter, compared with
a loss of 8 cents a share in last year's third quarter, according to First Call. The Seattle-based
company, the Internet's biggest
retailer, is expected to report results Wednesday after the market close.

Revenues are seen rising to about $346 million, analysts said, compared with $154 million a year ago
and $314 million last
quarter.

For the first time revenues will reflect the addition of toy and electronics departments, which were
launched in July and could
help slow a decline in Amazon.com's average sale, said Olaf Vroom, an analyst at Ulrich Tekloth
Partners.

Since peaking in last year's fourth quarter at about $53, Amazon.com's average sale has declined to
about $41 as the
company has broadened its customer base to more than 12 million people, Vroom said.

The third-quarter results will be ``one of first indications that Amazon is really beginning to
leverage the cross-market
potential of its huge customer base,'' he said.

Toys and electronics should boost holiday sales in the crucial fourth quarter, when analysts expect
revenues to rise to about
$461 million.

But Amazon's flagship category of books still accounts for up to 60 percent of the company's
revenue, Vroom estimated.

Max Diepelt, an analyst at Heino K. Ramachers & Co., said Amazon.com will face a ``stupendous amount of
increased
competition'' this year compared with last year's holiday season and many customers who demand
higher levels of service.

The third-quarter results will not include revenues from Amazon.com's third-party zShops, launched
Sept. 30 and selling
everything from Christmas trees to caskets. Amazon.com takes a small percentage of each sale, as it
does on auctions,
paving the way for a possibly lucrative new earnings stream.

``I think what is emerging here is a business that has incredibly high return on capital even with
this investment in distribution
infrastructure that has a lot of people worried,'' Vroom said.

Amazon.com stock tumbled after it released its second-quarter results in July and disclosed plans to
spend up to $300
million over two years to build a network of warehouse distribution centers in the United States and
Europe.

Since then the stock has rallied from a split-adjusted low of 41 in August to a recent peak of over
89 this month. On
Monday the stock was up 2-7/8 at 81-1/2 in heavy Nasdaq trading.

Nevertheless analysts do not expect Amazon.com to turn profitable anytime soon. Vroom said it was
possible the company
could have ``a profitable quarter'' in 2003.


Schaun mer mal......

Gruß Jakob