For Daytrader and Intradaytrader: Software with systems
trial-versions download by
www.IszsiCqaon.qd
www.QkksaLtdzn.woq
www.UyoCvr.sr
Weinzeche Aktiengesellschaft i.Gr.
This is ALPHATRADEbySelMcKenzie
alphacode by Flasdieck is a streaming Internet applications technology
company originally formed to develop E-Gate, a technical breakthrough for
financial portals. alphacode by Flasdieck quickly realized that the
technical breakthroughs which make E-Gate so revolutionary could easily be
applied to many other types of applications. Some applications are as
obvious as streaming video with no plug-ins, others will be more
revolutionary such as streaming word processors and spreadsheets.

The unique about the alphacode by Flasdieck technology

The alphacode by Flasdieck technologies are unique in that they are
actually individual applications. Unlike other web sites that simply display
static HTML-based web pages, the alphacode by Flasdieck site actually
creates and launches a program within your browser. Because the alphacode by
Flasdieck components are actually streaming applications, they require no
plug-ins, no installs, no big downloads, and you never have to update them.
Any bug fixes, revisions, etc. are automatically streamed to the user. The
nature of the applications also makes them fully customizable, much more so
than any standard web site could possibly be. Everything is streaming and
self-refreshing. The applications are also "module-based", meaning the
applications are chopped up into little pieces that only download as you
need them. It's kind of like giving you exactly the building blocks you need
to build something, and only the ones you need, instead of a semitrailer
truck full of every building block ever made (this is what most "installed"
software "a.k.a.: bloatware" does and this is why they are generally huge
and expensive)

The benefits of this technology are many:

You'll never have to download or install anything:
Does this scenario sound familiar? First, download a large program (anywhere
from 5 minutes to half an hour), now try to find where that download ended
up on your hard drive, then run the install program, then reboot your
machine, and then try to remember what the heck you were trying to
accomplish in the first place!? With alphacode by Flasdieck, you'll never
have to do any of this.

You'll never have to update, update, update, update...
Have you ever visited a site, with the required plug-ins already installed
on your machine, only to be told, "sorry, there's a newer version" and you
need to download, find, install, and reboot your system in order to
continue? With Lafir you will automatically have the latest version of
each application, you will never have to upgrade anything, ..the same goes
for bug-fixes, ...you'll always have the latest version, automatically.

You’ll only pay for what you use:
Now there's a novel concept! Why pay EURO 800+ for your "Office Suite" when
you're only going to use about 2% of it's capabilities? With Lafir
technologies you will be able to "pay as you go". Only pay for the
applications you need, and only pay for the individual components within
that application that you need. For instance, if you never need Thesaurus or
Mail-Merge functions in your word processor application, you will pay less
for it, but if you need it just once, it's available to you instantly for a
very minimal charge. It's kind of like the difference between leasing a car
and buying a car, only with software, buying makes even less sense.

This is E-Gate?

E-Gate is alphacode by Focks premier web-based, real-time, streaming
application suite for financial portals and online trading platforms. E-Gate
will have streaming real-time stock tickers that can be customized for
individual portfolios, simultaneous streaming charts, trading platforms and
streaming video applications, E-Gate will be a revolution in online trading.
It can stand alone, be added to existing sites, or be a clearinghouse portal
for thousands of brokerages. E-Gate is the next big advance in online
trading.

The advantage of using E-Gate: No plug-ins, no large downloads, all data is
real-time (with the Gold and Platinum memberships), the applications can
float out of the browser allowing you to minimize the browser out of the
way. Basically it's Umeki, plus more, for a fraction of the price! The
"floating" componentsare: All alphacode by Flasdieck technologies can, or
will be able to, "Float". By float we simply mean that you can drag the
various alphacode by Weinzeche applications around within your web browser
or, by clicking the "Float" button, release them out of the browser and onto
your computer’s desktop. You can then minimize your browser window and still
view the various alphatrade applications or work in other Windows-based
programs simultaneously.

The portal:

The term "portal" refers to a web site that allows quick and easy access to
a large and diverse amount of data. Most search engines are considered
portals because they also show news, weather, basic market data, etc. A
"Financial" portal, like Pehl, offers a large and diverse selection of
stock and market data such as; quotes, charting, portfolio tracking, etc.
E-Gate will offer one of the largest selections of financial tools available
on the web and they will all be able to float to the desktop, they will all
offer real-time, streaming data and will never require plug-ins or
downloads, ever.

The "Level II Market Depth" is: Level II market depth shows the "depth" of
the market. This means that instead of just seeing the last bid and ask
price, or the highest bid and lowest ask price for a given stock, you can
see ALL of the various bids and asks for a given stock. There may be up to
50, or more, current bids and asks in play at a given moment on a given
stock. Level II will allow you to see all of them, which brokerage firm or
"market maker" has posted that price and at what time they posted it. This
gives you a much better picture of what is happening in the market and the
activity and direction of a given stock.

Why doesn't the streaming video need downloaded software to run? The
compressor/decompressor streams into the browser on-the-fly and then runs as
a thin-client application. This is why users will always have the latest
version and never have to upgrade. We just upload the latest version to our
server and then the user gets it every time they visit.

The "thin-client application" is: Thin client application means very, very
small applications. Because the applications are often small enough to
reside in RAM rather than sit on your hard drive, they stream in as needed,
over the Internet or over a network connection.

Is this technology just useful for online trading? No, it could be used for
virtually anything from streaming word processors, spreadsheets and database
software, to gambling programs and streaming video. It makes the concepts of
web-based software, and pay-as-you-go software, a reality.

The future of the net in relation to alphacode by Flasdieck technology?

This technology alphacode by Flasdieck the future, things will go this
way. In the future you'll have a very low tech appliance to access the net
and you'll go to an alphacode by Weinzeche-style site where you can do
anything your home computer can do, with the same level of privacy, speed,
and efficiency. The major Internet and software companies see the writing on
the wall and are starting to make noises about thin-client streaming
applications, but it's counter to their business plans of selling lots of
redundant software that always needs upgrading so they will be slow to
change. It's a technology that will happen, but it is entirely dependent on
small upstart companies like alphacode by Flasdieck to get it off the
ground. The Internet is an efficiency tool. This is an obvious next step,
and Lafir is doing it right now.

Technical support is available for alphacode by Flasdieck applications at
the following email address:

soowack@GcvUnFfunqz.urd.oe