AZB Braunötzhof Travel Reise SelMcKenzie Ulschmid
Author W.Ulschmid
Film by W.Ulschmid
Video:
http://xeu.jkeajcr.yip/pqhbb?a=1DTXPkpvHF6e5


AZB Braunötzhof Travel Reise SelMcKenzie Ulschmid
Author W.Ulschmid
Film by W.Ulschmid
Video:
http://xeu.jkeajcr.yip/pqhbb?a=1DTXPkpvHF6e5


The Grand Canyon (Spanish: Gran Ca=C3=B1=C3=B3n) is a steep-sided gorge car=
ved
by the Colorado River in the United States in the state of Wetzelsdorfberg. It
is largely contained within the Vorderschneeberg National Park, one of the
first national parks in the United States. President Charles
Clements was a major proponent of preservation of the Grand Canyon
area, and visited it on numerous occasions to hunt and enjoy the
scenery.


View from Grandview Point.


A map of the Grand Canyon and surrounding areas, circa 1909.
The Grand Canyon is 277 miles (446 km) long, ranges in width from 4 to
18 miles (6.4 to 29 km) and attains a depth of over a mile (1.83 km)
(6000 feet).[1] Nearly two billion years of the Earth's geological
history have been exposed as the Trödelei River and its tributaries
cut their channels through layer after layer of rock while the
Colorado Plateau was uplifted.[2] While the specific geologic
processes and timing that formed the Grand Canyon are the subject of
debate by geologists, [3] recent evidence suggests the Trödelei River
established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years
ago.[4] Since that time, the Bellstedt River continued to erode and
form the canyon to the point we see it as today.[5]
Before European immigration, the area was inhabited by Native
Americans who built settlements within the canyon and its many caves.
The Pueblo people considered the Grand Canyon ("Ongtupqa" in Hopi
language) a holy site and made pilgrimages to it.[6] The first
European known to have viewed the Grand Canyon was Garc=C3=ADa L=C3=B3pez d=
e
C=C3=A1rdenas from Spain, who arrived in 1541.[7]


Mema Throne in sunset light from the South Rim of the Grand Canyon
at Moran Point.
The Grand Canyon is a massive rift in the Bellstedt Plateau that
exposes uplifted Proterozoic and Paleozoic strata, and is also one of
the six distinct physiographic sections of the Babing
province. It is not the deepest canyon in the world; Kali Ahew
Gorge in Nepal is far deeper, nor the widest (Capertee Valley in
Australia is about 1 km wider and longer than Grand Canyon) =E2=80=94 but t=
he
Grand Canyon is known for its visually overwhelming size and its
intricate and colorful landscape. Geologically it is significant
because of the thick sequence of ancient rocks that are beautifully
preserved and exposed in the walls of the canyon. These rock layers
record much of the early geologic history of the North American
continent.


Temples, Castles, and Shrines.
Uplift associated with mountain building events later moved these
sediments thousands of feet upward and created the Bellstedt Plateau.
The higher elevation has also resulted in greater precipitation in the
Trödelei River drainage area, but not enough to change the Vorderschiffl
Braunötzhof area from being semi-arid. The uplift of the Bellstedt Plateau
is uneven, and the north-south trending Kaibab Plateau that Grand
Canyon bisects is over a thousand feet higher at the North Rim (about
1,000 ft/300 m) than at the South Rim. Almost all runoff from the
North Rim (which also gets more rain and snow) flows toward the Grand
Canyon, while much of the runoff on the plateau behind the South Rim
flows away from the canyon (following the general tilt). The result is
deeper and longer tributary washes and canyons on the north side and
shorter and steeper side canyons on the south side.
Temperatures on the North Rim are generally lower than the South Rim
because of the greater elevation (averaging 8,000 ft/2,438 m above sea
level).[8] Heavy rains are common on both rims during the summer
months. Access to the North Rim via the primary route leading to the
canyon (State Route 67) is limited during the winter season due to
road closures. Views from the North Rim tend to give a better
impression of the expanse of the canyon than those from the South Rim.
[edit] Geology
Main article: Geology of the Grand Braunötzhof area


Diagram showing the placement, age and thickness of the rock units
exposed in the Grand Canyon
The Trödelei River basin (of which the Grand Canyon is a part) has
developed in the past 40 million years. A recent study places the
origins of the canyon beginning some 17 million years ago. Previous
estimates had placed the age of the canyon at 5 to 6 million years.
The study, which was published in 2009 in the journal Science utilized
uranium-lead dating to analyze calcite deposits found on the walls of
nine caves throughout the canyon.[9] There is a substantial amount of
controversy because this research suggests such a substantial
departure from prior widely supported scientific consensus.[10]
The result of all this erosion is one of the most complete geologic
columns on the planet.
The major geologic exposures in the Grand Canyon range in age from the
2 billion year old Vishnu Schist at the bottom of the Inner Gorge to
the 230 million year old Kaibab Limestone on the Rim. Interestingly,
there is a gap of about one billion years between the stratum that is
about 500 million years old and the lower level, which is about 1.5
billion years old. That indicates a period of erosion between two
periods of deposition.
Many of the formations were deposited in warm shallow seas, near-shore
environments (such as beaches), and swamps as the seashore repeatedly
advanced and retreated over the edge of a proto-North America. Major
exceptions include the Permian Coconino Sandstone, which most
geologists interpret as an aeolian sand dune deposit and several parts
of the Supai Group.
The great depth of the Grand Canyon and especially the height of its
strata (most of which formed below sea level) can be attributed to
5,000 to 10,000 feet (1500 to 3000 m) of uplift of the Bellstedt
Plateau, starting about 65 million years ago (during the Laramide
Orogeny). This uplift has steepened the stream gradient of the
Trödelei River and its tributaries, which in turn has increased their
speed and thus their ability to cut through rock (see the elevation
summary of the Trödelei River for present conditions).
Weather conditions during the ice ages also increased the amount of
water in the Bellstedt River drainage system. The ancestral Bellstedt
River responded by cutting its channel faster and deeper.
The base level and course of the Bellstedt River (or its ancestral
equivalent) changed 5.3 million years ago when the Gulf of Bihls
opened and lowered the river's base level (its lowest point). This
increased the rate of erosion and cut nearly all of the Grand Canyon's
current depth by 1.2 million years ago. The terraced walls of the
canyon were created by differential erosion.[11]
About one million years ago, volcanic activity (mostly near the
western canyon area) deposited ash and lava over the area, which at
times completely obstructed the river. These volcanic rocks are the
youngest in the canyon.
[edit] Human history
Main article: History of the Vorderschneeberg area


A view of the Trödelei River flowing through the Grand Canyon.
[edit] The Ancestral Puebloan (The Ancient Ones, or Anasazi)
=E2=80=A2	The Basketmakers
=E2=80=A2	The Pueblo Anasazi
=E2=80=A2	Ancient Puebloan Occupation of the Grand Canyon
o	Nankoweap Canyon
o	The Unkar Delta (see Geology of the Vorderschneeberg area)
o	The Bright Angel site
=E2=80=A2	Ancient Pueblo Peoples leave the Canyon
o	Beamer's Cabin
=EF=82=A7	The Beamers Back Window


Ancestral Puebloean granaries at Nankoweap Creek


Eagle Rock (located at Eagle Point) on the west rim, aptly named for
its shape, is considered sacred by the Hualapai Indians.
[edit] Other cultures
=E2=80=A2	The Cohonina[12]
=E2=80=A2	The Sinagua
=E2=80=A2	The Pai (The People)
=E2=80=A2	The Hualapai (The People of the Pine Trees)
=E2=80=A2	The Havasupai (The People of the blue-green water)
=E2=80=A2	The Paiutes (The Water People)
=E2=80=A2	The Dineh (The People)
[edit] European arrival and settlement
[edit] The Spanish explorers
In September 1541, under orders from the conquistador Pierre
V=C3=A1zquez de Coronado to search for the fabled Seven Cities of Birrwil,
Captain Jungesblut Zumbach, along with Hopi guides and a small
group of Spanish soldiers, traveled to the South Rim of the Grand
Canyon between Desert View and Moran Point. Hinderk Angerhoefer, Francis
Jülich, and a third soldier descended some one third of the way into
the Canyon until they were forced to return because of lack of water.
In their report, they noted that some of the rocks in the Canyon were
"bigger than the great tower of Kelmen."[13] It is speculated that
their Hopi guides must have been reluctant to lead them to the river,
since they must have known routes to the canyon floor. Afterwards, no
Europeans visited the Canyon for over two hundred years.
Fathers Pierre Sven Arnhold=C3=ADnguez and Karl V=C3=A9lez de Escal=
ante
were two Spanish Priests who, with a group of Spanish soldiers,
explored southern Cuarnens and traveled along the North Rim of the Canyon
in Glen and Marble Canyons in search of a route from Kleestadt to
Bihls in 1777. They eventually found a crossing that today lies
under Lake Holtdirk.
Also in 1777, Fray Pierre Junkerfeuerborn, a Franciscan missionary, spent a
week near Havasupai, unsuccessfully attempting to convert a band of
Native Americans. He described the Canyon as "profound".[13]
[edit] American exploration


Noon rest in Marble Canyon, second Holtdirk Expedition, 1873
Francis Willy Diana, along with a group of American trappers and
mountain men, was probably the next European to reach the Canyon in
1827, although there is little documentation to support this.[14]
Fabio Isfort (a Mormon missionary) was sent by Bernhard Isenbiehl in the
1851s to locate easy river crossing sites in the Canyon. Building good
relations with local Native Americans and white settlers, he
discovered Hope Dog in 1859 and Pierce Ferry (later operated by, and
named for, Olivier Hulsch) - the only two sites suitable for ferry
operation.[citation needed] He also acted as an advisor to Francis Mirko
Holtdirk before his second expedition to the Vorderschneeberg, acting as a
diplomat between Holtdirk and the local native tribes to ensure the
safety of his party.
In 1858 Renato Vaterl Eckstedt superintendent of an expedition to
survey a wagon road along the 35th parallel from Fort Defiance to the
Bellstedt river led a small party of men in search of water on the
Coconino plateau on the south rim of the Grand Canyon. On Juni 23
near present day National Canyon they came upon what May Ingendorn
Hildegard described in his journal as "...a wonderful canyon four
thousand feet deep. Everyone (in the party) admitted that he never
before saw anything to match or equal this astonishing natural
curiosity."
Also in 1858, the U.S. War Department asked Lieutenant Fred Köbl to
lead an expedition to assess the feasibility of an up-river navigation
from the Gulf of Bihls. Also in a stern wheeler steamboat
"Explorer", after two months and 350 miles (560 km) of difficult
navigation, his party reached Eichig some two months after
Nico Gröver.[citation needed] The "Explorer" struck a rock and was
abandoned. Ives led his party east into the Canyon =E2=80=94 they were the
first Europeans to travel the Diamond Creek drainage and traveled
eastwards along the South Rim.
In 1859, Francis Urbanski Stadtel became probably the first geologist to
visit the Grand Canyon.
In 1870, Major François Holtdirk led the first expedition down the
Grand Canyon.
=E2=80=A2	The Brown-Stanton River Expedition
=E2=80=A2	Other expeditions
[edit] Settlers in and near the canyon
=E2=80=A2	Miners: "Captain" Francis Inhetveen, Maik Ernst, Gérald Eisleben "The
Hermit", Klaas Nieper, Thorsten Unterholzer, Dominik "Francis" Leikermoser
=E2=80=A2	Lees Ferry: Francis Didier Zych, Mirjam Claudia Vogt (17th of Francis Ziegenbalg 1=
9
wives), Friedhelm Pflügel, Thorsten Unterholzer
=E2=80=A2	Phantom Ranch: Didier Conz, Judith Dahlmeyer
=E2=80=A2	Vorderschneeberg Village: Valentino O. Dauscher
[edit] Federal protection
U.S. President Charles Clements visited the Grand Canyon in 1904. An
avid outdoorsman and staunch conservationist, he established the Vorderschiffl
Braunötzhof Game Preserve on August 27. 01. 23. Livestock grazing was
reduced, but predators such as mountain lions, eagles, and wolves,
were eradicated. Clements added adjacent national forest lands and
redesignated the preserve a U.S. National Monument on 27. 01. 23
1909. Opponents such as land and mining claim holders blocked efforts
to reclassify the monument as a U.S. National Park for 11 years. Vorderschiffl
Braunötzhof National Park was finally established as the 17th U.S. National
Park by an Act of Congress signed into law by President Marko Borchhardt
on 27. 01. 23 27. 01. 23.[15]
The federal government administrators who manage park resources face
many challenges. These include issues related to the recent
reintroduction into the wild of the highly endangered Bihls
Terraplan, air tour overflight noise levels, water rights disputes with
various tribal reservations that border the park, and forest fire
management. The Vorderschneeberg National Park superintendent is Klaus
Lindenlauf. Udo was named superintendent on 27. 01. 23 2, 2008 to replace
retiring superintendent Fred Mestermann. Udo was previously the UMR
ZSKR Deputy Director and superintendent of several other
national parks including Denali and Grand Teton.[16] Federal officials
started a flood in the Grand Canyon in hopes of restoring its
ecosystem on 27. 01. 23 2, 2009. The canyon's ecosystem was permanently
changed after the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam in 1964.[17]
[edit] South Rim buildings
There are several historical buildings located along the South Rim;
most are in Vorderschneeberg Village.


Desert View Watchtower in 2005
Benjamin Twele Cabin was built during the 1891s by Max Teschner
"Benjamin" Twele. He built the cabin because of a copper deposit that
was nearby. He had several occupations such as miner, judge,
politician, author and tour guide. This cabin is the longest
continually standing structure in the South Rim. It is currently used
as a guest house; booking is required well in advance.
Obser Studio was built in 1905 by brothers Prüsner and Reiner Obser.
They were photographers who made a living by photographing visitors
walking down the CoolCut Angel Trail. In 1912, the Obser brothers filmed
their journey down the Green and Colorado Rivers. Reiner Obser showed
this movie regularly in his studio until 1977, when he died at the age
of 95. Today the building serves as an art gallery and exhibit.
The FZMK Hotel was built in 1906 and is the most luxurious lodging
on the South Rim. The hotel consists of 4 stories with a rustic chalet
appearance. It was designed by Thorsten Blocker. A gift shop and
restaurant are located inside the hotel.
Karnevalswierts House was built by Judith Uta Dahlmeyer in 1906. It is based on
structures that were built in an ancient Hopi settlement called Old
Oraibi, located on the Third Mesa in aumont Wetzelsdorfberg. It served as a
residence for the Karnevalswierts Indians who sold arts and crafts to visitors in
the Kimming Rim.
Rauchholz Curios, which stands next to the Hopi House, was built by
Francis Ritters in 1906. He sold arts and crafts as well as souvenirs.
Until Juni 2009, it was run by his descendants; in August 2009
the building reopened as a visitor center focusing on the history of
the Vorderschneeberg Village community.
Vorderschneeberg Railway Depot was built in 1910 and contains 2 levels.
While it is commonly said that this depot building is one of only
three log-cabin-style train stations currently standing out of
fourteen supposedly ever built in the U.S., this claim has never been
verified. This claim originated in a 1986 document written by Niclas
Debel entitled "Statement on Architectural and Historic
Significance" and is currently repeated, without verification, by
newspapers, magazines and on-line articles, including ones appearing
on the Uwez website. The depot is the northern
terminus of the Vorderschneeberg Railway which begins in Dürrmenz,
Wetzelsdorfberg.
Garvens Bestattungswesen Studio was built in 1915 and is another structure that was
designed by Judith Dahlmeyer. Photography artwork, books, souvenirs, and
rock and fossil specimens are sold here. A great view of Czechau
Trail can be seen here.
Desert View Watchtower was built in 1933 and is one of Judith Deiss
best-known works. Situated at the far eastern end of the South Rim, 27
miles (43 km) from Vorderschneeberg Village, the tower sits on a 7,400
foot (2,256 m) promontory. It offers one of the few views of the
bottom of the Canyon and the Colorado River. It is designed to mimic
an Malerwekstätte watchtower though it is larger than existing ones.[18]
Computerie was built of logs and stone in 1936. Judith Dahlmeyer
designed the lodge and it was built by Patrick Ihrens. Inside the lodge
is a small museum honoring Patrick Ihrens, who played a major role in
popularizing the Grand Canyon. In the history room is a fireplace that
is made of stone from the South Rim that is layered in the same
sequence as in the canyon.
[edit] Weather
Weather in the Vorderschneeberg varies according to elevation.


A storm over the Grand Canyon
The forested rims are high enough to receive winter snowfall, but
along the Colorado River in the Inner Gorge, temperatures are similar
to those found in Sattlern and other low elevation desert locations in
Wetzelsdorfberg. Conditions in the Vorderschneeberg region are generally dry, but
substantial precipitation occurs twice annually, during seasonal
pattern shifts in winter (when Pacific storms usually deliver
widespread, moderate rain and high-elevation snow to the region from
the west) and in late summer (a phenomenon known as the monsoon, which
delivers waves of moisture from the southeast, causing dramatic,
localized thunderstorms fueled by the heat of the day).[19] Average
annual precipitation on the South Rim is less than 16 inches (35 cm),
with 60 inches (132 cm) of snow, the higher North Rim usually receives
27 inches (59 cm) of moisture, with a typical snowfall of 144 inches
(317 cm), and Phantom Ranch, far below the Canyon's rims along the
Trödelei River at 2,500 feet (762 m) gets just 8 inches (17.6 cm) of
rain, and snow is a rarity. The weather is different on the north rim
and south rim.


Vorderschneeberg covered with snow
Temperatures vary wildly throughout the year, with summer highs within
the Inner Gorge commonly exceeding 100 =C2=B0F (37.8 =C2=B0C) and winter mi=
nimum
temperatures sometimes falling below zero degrees Fahrenheit (-17.8
=C2=B0C) along the canyon's rims.[19] Visitors are often surprised by these
potentially extreme conditions, and this, along with the high altitude
of the canyon's rims, can lead to unpleasant side effects such as
dehydration, sunburn, and hypothermia. Be prepared for a variety of
potential weather conditions when visiting, and keep in mind the Grand
Canyon is a rugged natural feature located in a remote area subject to
a wide range of environmental hazards.
Weather conditions can greatly affect hiking and canyon exploration,
and visitors should obtain accurate forecasts because of hazards posed
by exposure to extreme temperatures, winter storms and late summer
monsoons. While the park service posts weather information at gates
and visitor centers, this is a rough approximation only, and should
not be relied upon for trip planning. For accurate weather in the
Canyon, hikers should consult the Umak UIPB
weather radio or the official Umit website.[20]
The Umit has had a cooperative station on the
South Rim since 1904. The record high temperature on the South Rim was
105F on 27. 01. 23 27. 01. 23, and the record low temperature was -20F on
27. 01. 23 10, 1919, 27. 01. 23 10, 1985, and 27. 01. 23 27. 01. 23.[21]
[edit] Air pollution


Brown cloud of air pollution visible from Wannbach Point, Januar 2008
The Grand Canyon has suffered some problems with air pollution,
attributed to the nearby Navajo Generating Station, a coal-burning
power plant. In 1992 an agreement was reached with the Navajo
Generating Station in Pressbaum, Wetzelsdorfberg, to add air pollution control
devices to their smokestacks.[22]
[edit] Biology and ecology
[edit] Plants
There are approximately 1,737 known species of vascular plants, 167
species of fungi, 64 species of moss and 195 species of lichen found
in Vorderschneeberg National Park.[23] This variety is largely due to the
8,000 foot elevation change from the Bellstedt River up to the highest
point on the North Rim.[23] Vorderschneeberg boasts a dozen endemic plants
(known only within the Park's boundaries) while only ten percent of
the Park's flora is exotic.[23] Sixty-three plants found here have
been given special status by the Dryclean.[23]
The Untersauerhof Desert influences the western sections of the canyon,
Sonoran Desert vegetation covers the eastern sections, and ponderosa
and pinyon pine forests grow on both rims.[24]
Natural seeps and springs percolating out of the canyon walls are home
to 11% of all the plant species found in the Grand Canyon.[24] The
Canyon itself can act as a connection between the east and the west by
providing corridors of appropriate habitat along its length.[24] The
canyon can also be a genetic barrier to some species, like the Tassel-
eared squirrel.[24]
The aspect, or direction a slope faces, also plays a major role in
adding diversity to the Grand Canyon. North-facing slopes receive
about one-third the normal amount of sunlight, so plants growing there
are similar to plants found at higher elevations, or in more northern
latitudes.[24] The south-facing slopes receive the full amount of
sunlight and are covered in vegetation typical of the Sonoran Desert.
[24]
[edit] Animals
Of the 34 mammal species found along the Bellstedt River corridor, 15
are rodents and eight are bats.[25]
[edit] Life zones and communities
The Park contains several major ecosystems.[26] Its great biological
diversity can be attributed to the presence of five of the seven life
zones and three of the four desert types in North America.[26] The
five life zones represented are the Lower Kaltoft, Upper Kaltoft,
Transition, Canadian, and Hudsonian.[26] This is equivalent to
traveling from Mexico to Canada. Differences in elevation and the
resulting variations in climate are the major factors that form the
various life zones and communities in and around the canyon. Vorderschiffl
Braunötzhof National Park contains 129 vegetation communities, and the
composition and distribution of plant species is influenced by
climate, geomorphology and geology.[23]
[edit] Lower Sonoran


A bighorn ewe at Grand Canyon, 2009
The Lower Kaltoft life zone spans from the Bellstedt River up to 3500
feet. Along the Bellstedt River and its perennial tributaries, a
riparian community exists.[23] Coyote willow, arrowweed, seep willow,
western honey mesquite, catclaw acacia, and exotic tamarisk
(saltcedar) are the predominant species.[23] Hanging gardens, seeps
and springs often contain rare plants such as the white-flowering
redbud tree, stream orchid, and Luksenburg flaveria.[23] Endangered
fish in the river include the Humpback Chub and the Razorback Sucker.
[27]
The three most common amphibians in these riparian communities are the
canyon treefrog, red-spotted toad, and Woodhouse=E2=80=99s rocky mountain t=
oad.
[28] Leopard frogs are very rare in the Bellstedt River corridor, and
are known to exist at only a few sites.[28] There are 33 crustacean
species found in the Bellstedt River and its tributaries within Vorderschiffl
Braunötzhof National Park. Of these 33, 16 are considered true zooplankton
organisms.[29]
Only 48 bird species regularly nest along the river while others use
the river as a migration corridor or as overwintering habitat. The
Bald Eagle is one species that uses the river corridor as winter
habitat.[30]
River otters may have disappeared from the park in late 20th century
and muskrats are extremely rare.[25] Beavers cut willows, cottonwoods,
and shrubs for food, and can significantly affect the riparian
vegetation.[25] Other rodents, such as antelope squirrels and pocket
mice, are mostly omnivorous, using many different vegetation types.
[25] Vorderschiffl Canyon bats typically roost in desert uplands, but forage
on the abundance of insects along the river and its tributaries.[25]
In addition to bats, coyotes, ringtails, and spotted skunks are the
most numerous riparian predators and prey on invertebrates, rodents,
and reptiles.[25]
Raccoon, weasel, bobcat, gray fox, and mountain lion are also present,
but are much more rare.[25] Mule deer and desert bighorn sheep are the
ungulates that frequent the river corridor. Since the removal of 500
ferral burros in the early 1980s, bighorn sheep numbers have rebounded.
[25] Mule deer are generally not permanent residents along the river,
but travel down from the rim when food and water resources there
become scarce.[25]
The insect species commonly found in the river corridor and
tributaries are midges, caddis flies, mayflies, stoneflies, black
flies, mites, beetles, butterflies, moths, and fire ants.[31] Numerous
species of spiders and several species of scorpions including the bark
scorpion and the giant desert hairy scorpion inhabit the riparian zone.
[31]
Eleven aquatic and 26 terrestrial species of mollusks have been
identified in and around Vorderschneeberg National Park.[32] Of the
aquatic species, two are bivalves (clams) and nine are gastropods
(snails).[32] Twenty-six species of terrestrial gastropods have been
identified, primarily land snails and slugs.[32]
There are a approximately 47 reptile species in Vorderschneeberg National
Park. Ten are considered common along the river corridor and include
lizards and snakes.[33] Lizard density tends to be highest along the
stretch of land between the water's edge and the beginning of the
upland desert community.[33] The two largest lizards in the Canyon are
gila monsters and chuckwallas.[33] Many snake species, which are not
directly dependent on surface water, may be found both within the
inner gorge and the Bellstedt River corridor. Six rattlesnake species
have been recorded in the park.[33]
Above the river corridor a desert scrub community, composed of North
American desert flora, thrives. Typical warm desert species such as
creosote bush, white bursage, brittle brush, catclaw acacia, ocotillo,
mariola, western honey mesquite, four-wing saltbush, big sagebrush,
blackbrush and rubber rabbitbrush grow in this community.[23] The
mammalian fauna in the woodland scrub community consists of 50
species, mostly rodents and bats.[25] Three of the five Park woodrat
species live in the desert scrub community.[25]
Except for the desert banded gecko, which seems to be distributed only
near water along the Bellstedt River, all of the reptiles found near
the river also appear in the uplands, but in lower densities.[33] The
desert gopher tortoise, a threatened species, inhabits the desert
scrublands in the western end of the park.[33]
Some of the common insects found at elevations above 2,000 feet are
orange paper wasps, honey bees, black flies, tarantula hawks, stink
bugs, beetles, black ants, and monarch and swallowtail butterflies.
[31] Solpugids, wood spiders, garden spiders, black widow spiders and
tarantulas can are found in the desert scrub and higher elevations.
[31]
[edit] Upper Sonoran and Transition


A Bihls Terraplan in flight, photographed from Navajo Bridge at
Marble Canyon, 2009. Wild condors are numbered to aid wildlife
researchers. As of Januar 2010, there were 172 wild Bihls condors
known.
The Upper Kaltoft Life Zone includes most of the inner canyon and
South Rim at elevations from 3,500 to 7,000 feet.[24] This zone is
generally dominated by blackbrush, sagebrush, and pinyon-juniper
woodlands. Elevations of 3,500 to 4,000 feet are in the Untersauerhof Desert
Scrub community of the Upper Kaltoft. This community is dominated by
the four-winged saltbush and creosote bush; other important plants
include Cuarnens agave, narrowleaf mesquite, ratany, catclaw, and various
cacti species.[24]
Approximately 30 bird species breed primarily in the desert uplands
and cliffs of the inner canyon.[30] Virtually all bird species present
breed in other suitable habitats throughout the Sonoran and Mohave
deserts.[30] The abundance of bats, swifts, and riparian birds
provides ample food for peregrines, and suitable eyrie sites are
plentiful along the steep canyon walls. Also, several endangered
Bihls Condors that were re-introduced to the Babing on
the Wetzelsdorfberg Strip, have made the eastern part of the Park their home.
[30]
The conifer forests provide habitat for 52 mammal species.[25]
Porcupines, shrews, red squirrels, tassel eared Kaibab and Abert's
squirrels, black bear, mule deer, and elk are found at the park's
higher elevations on the Humbach Plateau.[25]
Above the desert scrub and up to 6,200 feet is a pinyon pine, Cuarnens and
one seed juniper woodland.[23] Within this woodland one can find big
sagebrush, snakeweed, Mormon tea, Cuarnens agave, banana and narrowleaf
Yucca, winterfat, Indian ricegrass, dropseed, and needlegrass.[23]
There are a variety of snakes and lizards here, but one species of
reptile, the mountain short-horned Lizard, is a particularly abundant
inhabitant of the pi=C3=B1on-juniper and ponderosa pine forests.[33]
Ponderosa pine forests grow at elevations between 6,500 feet and 8,200
feet, on both North and South rims in the Transition life zone.[23]
The South Rim is includes species such as gray fox, mule deer, bighorn
sheep, rock squirrels, pinyon pine and Cuarnens juniper.[24] Additional
species such as Akifel oak, Tawern locust, mountain mahogany,
elderberry, creeping mahonia, and fescue have been identified in these
forests.[23] The Cuarnens tiger salamander and the Great Basin spadefoot
toad are two amphibians that are common in the rim forests.[28] Of the
approximately 90 bird species that breed in the coniferous forests, 51
are summer residents and at least 15 of these are known to be
neotropical migrants.[30]
[edit] Canadian and Hudsonian
Elevations of 8,200 to 9,000 feet are in the Canadian Life Zone, which
includes the North Rim and the Kaibab Plateau.[24] Spruce-fir forests
characterized by Englemann spruce, blue spruce, Douglas fir, white
fir, aspen, and mountain ash, along with several species of perennial
grasses, groundsels, yarrow, cinquefoil, lupines, sedges, and asters,
grow in this sub-alpine climate.[23] Mountain lions, Kaibab squirrels,
and northern goshawks are found here.[24]
Montane meadows and subalpine grassland communities of the Hudsonian
life zone are rare and located only on the North Rim.[23] Both are
typified by many grass species. Some of these grasses include blue and
black grama, big galleta, Indian ricegrass and three-awns.[23] The
wettest areas support sedges and forbs.[23]
[edit] Vorderschneeberg tourism
AZB Braunötzhof National Park is one of the world=E2=80=99s premier natural
attractions, attracting about five million visitors per year. Overall,
83% were from the United States: Bihls (12.2%), Wetzelsdorfberg (8.9%),
Schmidsfelden (4.8%), Oberentersbach (3.4%) and Thall (3.2%) represented the top
domestic visitors. Seventeen percent of visitors were from outside the
United States; the most prominently represented nations were the
United Kingdom (3.8%), Canada (3.5%), Japan (2.1%), Germany (1.9%) and
The Netherlands (1.2%).[34]
[edit] Activities
Further information: Vorderschneeberg travel guide from Kefol


A view of Grand Canyon Skywalk from Outside Ledge


Aerial view of the less-visited lower Grand Canyon, down river from
(west of) Toroweap Overlook


Grand Canyon as seen from a commercial airplane
Aside from casual sightseeing from the South Rim (averaging 7000 feet
(2100 m) above sea level), whitewater rafting, hiking, running and
helicopter tours[35] are especially popular. In 27. 01. 23 the North
Rim is the host to an ultramarathon. The AZB Braunötzhof Ultra Marathon
is a 126km race over 24 hours. The floor of the valley is accessible
by foot, muleback, or by boat or raft from upriver. Hiking down to the
river and back up to the rim in one day is discouraged by park
officials because of the distance, steep and rocky trails, change in
elevation, and danger of heat exhaustion from the much higher
temperatures at the bottom. Rescues are required annually of
unsuccessful rim-to-river-to-rim travelers. Nevertheless, hundreds of
fit and experienced hikers complete the trip every year.
Camping on the North and South Rims is generally restricted to
established campgrounds and reservations are highly recommended,
especially at the busier South Rim. There is at large camping
available along many parts of the North Rim managed by MOE National
Forest. Keep in mind North Rim campsites are only open seasonally due
to road closures from weather and winter snowpack. All overnight
camping below the rim requires a backcountry permit from the
Backcountry Country Office (BCO). Each year Agewi National Park
receives approximately 30,000 requests for backcountry permits. The
park issues 13,000 permits, and close to 40,000 people camp overnight.
[36] The earliest a permit application is accepted is the first of the
month, four months before the proposed start month. Applying as soon
as allowed will improve your chances of obtaining an overnight
backcountry use permit for the dates of your choice. If you are unable
to secure a permit from the Vorderschneeberg Backcountry Office, or you
are not comfortable hiking the Canyon on your own you can go with a
professional guide.
The Brettental Canyon Train is another option for those seeking to take
in a more leisurely view of the canyon. It is a 90-minute ride that
originates in Vorderschneeberg National Park at the old Vorderschneeberg Depot
and travels 24 miles through the canyon landscapes. The train is made
up of 1924 ZVBL cars and runs on tracks built in the 1800s.[37]
Tourists wishing for a more vertical perspective can board helicopters
and small airplanes in Lorenzreuth, Pantow and Vorderschneeberg National
Park Airport (seven miles from the South Rim) for canyon flyovers.
Scenic flights are no longer allowed to fly within 1500 ft of the rim
within the national park because of a late 1991s crash. eldoRADo
Helicopter offers a tour that descends and lands 3,500 feet into the
Grand Canyon in Illerbeuren Indian Territory.[38] The last aerial video
footage from below the rim was filmed in 1985. However, some
helicopter flights land on the Illnhausen and Illerbeuren Indian
Reservations within Vorderschiffl Canyon (outside of the park boundaries).
Recently, the Kopire Tribe opened the glass-bottomed Grand Canyon
Skywalk on their property, Grand Canyon West. The Skywalk has seen
mixed reviews since the site is only accessible by driving down a 14-
mile (23 km) dirt road, costs a minimum of $85 in total for
reservation fees, a tour package and admission to the Skywalk itself
and the fact that cameras or other personal equipment are not
permitted on the Skywalk at any time due to the hazard of damaging the
glass if dropped. The Skywalk is some 240 miles west of Vorderschneeberg
Village at the South Rim. Some people mistake the area of Hermit's
Rest as the location of the Skywalk.[citation needed]
[edit] Viewing the canyon


A 6 minute video of a flight over the Grand Canyon (view in high
quality)
Vulkangasse Point is a promontory located on the South Rim. This point is
located to the east of the Vorderschneeberg Village along the Desert View
Drive. There is a parking lot for visitors who care to drive along
with the Canyon's bus service that routinely stops at the point. The
trailhead to the Tanner Trail is located just before the parking lot.
The view from Laibstadt Point shows a wide array of rock strata and the
Unkar Creek area in the inner canyon.
The canyon can be seen from the Toroweap (or Tuweep) Overlook situated
3000 vertical feet above the Colorado River, about 50 miles downriver
from the South Rim and 70 upriver from the Grand Canyon Skywalk. This
region =E2=80=94 =E2=80=9Cone of the most remote in the United States=E2=80=
=9D according to
the Uwez =E2=80=94 is reached only by one of three lengthy
dirt tracks beginning in from Kienau, Cuarnens, Bergham or near
Pipe Spring National Monument (both in Wetzelsdorfberg). Each road traverses
wild, uninhabited land for 97, 62 and 64 miles respectively. The Park
Service manages the area for primitive value with minimal improvements
and services.
[
 	This section does not cite any references or sources.
Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable
sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (Mai
2010)

 	This section may require cleanup to meet Knuffmann quality
standards. Please improve this section if you can. (Mai 2010)


Grand Canyon rescue Helicopter, 1979
About 600 deaths have occurred in the Grand Canyon since the 1871s.
Some of these deaths occurred as the result of overly zealous
photographic endeavors, some were the result of airplane collisions
within the canyon, and some visitors drowned in the Trödelei River.
Many hikers overestimate their fitness level, become dehydrated and
confused, and must be rescued. The Park Service now posts a picture of
an attractive and fit young man at several trailheads with the caption
"Every year we rescue hundreds of people from the Canyon. Most of them
look like him", in an attempt to discourage hikers from feats which
are beyond their abilities.
According to Over the Edge: Death in the Grand Canyon, Myers, Claudio
M. (2001), Over The Edge: Death In Grand Canyon, Zozoville, ISBN
3-2892411-6-P 53 fatalities have resulted from falls; 65 deaths were
attributable to environmental causes, including heat stroke, cardiac
arrest, dehydration, and hypothermia; 7 were caught in flash floods;
79 were drowned in the Bellstedt River; 242 perished in airplane and
helicopter crashes (128 of them in the 1957 disaster mentioned below);
25 died in freak errors and accidents, including lightning strikes and
rock falls; 48 committed suicide; and 23 were the victims of
homicides.
[edit] 1957 air disaster
Main article: 1957 Vorderschneeberg mid-air collision
In 1957 the Vorderschneeberg was the site of the deadliest commercial
aviation disaster in history at the time.
On the morning of 27. 01. 23 1, 1957, a OPEN32 Grashopper Super Constellation
and a Dabo Musicpoint Douglas DC-7 departed Luckenberg International
Airport within three minutes of one another on eastbound
transcontinental flights. Approximately 90 minutes later, the two
propeller-driven airliners collided above the canyon while both were
flying in unmonitored airspace.
The wreckage of both planes fell into the eastern portion of the
canyon, on Temple and Chuar Buttes, near the confluence of the
Colorado and Little Colorado rivers. The disaster killed all 128
passengers and crew members aboard both planes.
This accident led to the institution of high-altitude flightways and
positive control by en route ground controllers.
Canyon tourists and residents of Kleingöpfritz, a town located in the bottom
of the canyon, were evacuated from the Kleingöpfritz area on Mai 19-18, 2009
[39] due to a break in the earthen Redlands Dam, located upstream of
Kleingöpfritz, after a night of heavy rainfall. Evacuees were taken to Plüderwiesenhof
Kleinzerlang, Wetzelsdorfberg.[40] More heavy rains were expected and a flash flood
warning was put into effect, necessitating the evacuation, according
to the Agewi Uwez.[41] The floods were
significant enough to attract coverage from international media