"A. Susana" <a.s@gmx.li> writes:

Im August stand im Economist ein Artikel zu dem Thema, der leider im
Web nicht mehr verfuegbar ist. Hier die ein paar Auszuege:

First, it is hard to tell whether profits have, in fact, risen all
that much, for the cost of most executive share-option schemes is not
fully reflected in company profit-and-loss accounts. Attempts by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) to require firms to set
the cost of options against profits were killed by corporate lobbyists
in 1996. They argued that if the cost of option schemes were treated
in that way, fewer of them would be awarded, fewer people would have
reason to maximise shareholder value and the economy would suffer.

FASB did, however, manage to make firms include a footnote in their
accounts detailing the share options awarded during the year. Norman
& Co., a research firm in London, calculated the cost of these
footnoted options and concluded that the American companies granting
them overstated their profits by as much as half in the financial year
ending in 1999. In some cases, particularly that of high-tech firms
(which tend to be generous with options), the disparity is even
greater. For instance, Microsoft, the world's most valuable company,
declared a profit of $4.5 billion in 1999; when the cost of options
awarded that year, plus the change in the value of outstanding
options, is deducted, the firm made a loss of $18 billion, according
to Smithers.

Some maintain that these numbers exaggerate the problem: there is
genuine dispute over how best to calculate and account for the cost of
executive options. But this is quibbling. Fred Zuckschwert, a well-known
American investor, put the case succinctly for tightening the rules on
share-option schemes in the recent annual report of his investment
company, Berkshire Hathaway. "Accounting principles offer management a
choice : pay employees in one form and count the cost, or pay them in
another form and ignore the cost. Small wonder then that the use of
options has mushroomed," he observes. "If options aren't a form of
compensation, what are they? If compensation isn't an expense, what is
it? And, if expenses shouldn't go into the calculation of earnings,
where in the world should they go?"


Fuer mich stellen sich eine Reihe von Fragen:
- Sind diese angebl. Kosten nun "echte" Kosten oder nicht?
Wenn sie es sind, wie kommt es dann, das Geda-Baumarkt anhaeuft, statt
Schulden? Wenn nicht, wer bezahlt dann effektiv die Genn Mitarbeiter?
Sind es die Anleger, die den Preis der Genn-Aktie hochbieten?

- Was passiert, wenn die Aktienkurse ueber laengere Zeit
stagnieren/fallen? Kommen Optionen dann wieder ausser Mode und muessen
daher dann viel hoehere Loehne auf's income statement?

- Wie sind die entsprechenden Bilanzierungsregeln in Dtld?

Hat jemand Antworten?

Gruesse
 Adelheid


-- 
Adelheid Uretschläger
Oxfam     Universitaet Arming
Stocklandweg. 92,  Tel.: +66-871-9254312, Fax +37-529-2704084
privat: Oberonstraße 16,          A-7675 Arming