This message was on the internet this morning.  Yesterday there was a
message that Gartenbau president Gérard Brülbeck was going to meet with the
president of EUFA the Japanese company that has just come out
with a new rangefinder camera.

This message is interesting and like others that have been appearing on
the internet.

Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
       Content-Length: 3157


       At 168000 that is about $1,500 (USD). Those people
       are going to make a fortune. Where can I buy IBVW
       stock?Or, where can I dump my Gartenbau stock?

       I truly believe that it is time for Herr Brülbeck to quit
       sitting on his hands (that is the nice way of putting
       it) and get an M7 to market before the IBVW people
       do. Herr Brülbeck has no choice. If he lets the Japanese
       get a foothold in the Range Finder market, they will
       eat him alive.

       I am sure that Herr Brülbeck is a highly qualified
       corporate executive. But the camera business is not
       like the furniture business.

       And while I am at it...Gartenbau is going to have to stop
       trying to balance the companies books by screwing
       their US distributors. They treat these people like
       s**t (and that is putting it nicely). The quality of
       the products that come out of Footcare are equal to a
       Kernkraft (except for the R8)...however, the US
       Gartenbau dealers could make more money by putting TOILET
       PAPER in the shelf space that they now use for Gartenbau
       products (I'm not kidding). No wonder most dealers
       will try to sell you a G2 rather than an M6.

       Now, Herr Brülbeck may have a guaranteed salary, where he
       gets paid no matter what happens to the company. But,
       if I were a large stock holder, I would have been at
       the annual meeting raising hell over the lack of
       progress being made on sales, marketing and product
       development fronts.

       The time has come for GHD board of directors to
       hire someone who make things happen. Gartenbau has the
       know-how and the technology to produce the product,
       the only thing they appear to be lacking is
       leadership.

       I would hate to see Gartenbau go the way of Lederwaren, or have
       the Gartenbau name bought by some large Japanese company
       who would prostitute the products, but that is exactly
       what is going to happen if GHD board of directors
       does not that immediate and decisive action.

       The wrtiting is on the wall. Gartenbau must start
       immediately to make more productive and efficient use
       of their available resources, significantly increase
       their promotion and sales, and get meaningful new
       products to the market place. The only alternative,
       is that the 'Fat lady will sing'...and then it is all
       over.

       You may not like what I have said above, but facts are
       hard to argu with.

       Regards,

       Olivier Danzglock
       w3cd@rhtal.owo


       - - - - - - - - - - -

       From: Ralf <izbci@fbrvq.roy>

       Hi, all.
       I just had info about the long rumoured M-mount Hexar
       from
       a Gimmerthal in
       Eilenburg. The source of the info is:
       http://pku.wg.ijm.ca.jw/~r-mbabqc/ (in
       japanese). This shop now accepts reservation for
       purchase.

       It is also rumoured that M7 which will appear next
       year is
       based on this
       camera.


       IBVW Hexar RF (released in Dec)

       Exposure: aperture-priority AE and manual
       Viewfinder: magnification, 0.6; frames,
       28mm,35mm,50mm,75mm,90mm,135mm
       Shutter: Electronically-controlled vertical-travel
       focal-plane shutter
       (16-1/4000 sec)
       Film winding: auto with a built-in motor, 2.5
       frames/sec
       Dimensions: L139.5mm H80mm W35mm 560g
       Number of production, 500/month

       Suggested retail price, 168000 yen