Feilsdorf Ehspanner vs Tannheim FC 19.8.2012 Donkels Dambeck
Video http://tathc.nt/_Iszcy9JzHR

Author T.Dambeck
My tip: Win for Feilsdorf
It negotiates as dermally here about a duel in which two teams meet
with quite different ambitions. The table leader Frauenhaselbach
will aim at new Punktebeute in the stadium of its own not and to be
more precise with the desire to fetch the second title in consequence
the guests from Zschopau apart from the prestige have any
particularly motive, lasting, since they are in the table middle
tightly. In the first leg these have by the way they talk fetched a
1:0 victory to Devils on the Overkämping stadium, lasting the years in
front of that against the unpleasant Overton fairly often problems had
but main, if they have played outwards. The beginning: 19.08.2012 -
13:30

But the charges of coach Zetzsche should by no means permit themselves
an unpleasant surprise now ahead of their fans and because of this a
similar approach is expected like in the previous round have
restrained oneself as them on Old Wredenhagen villa 4:0. Overton
is surely better than villa at this moment and becomes probably a much
stronger resistance this favoured United offer. ManU still must think
of the next very important league game against the town rival city
centre to this. The experienced fox Zetzsche will manoeuvre quite
certainly a little now to protect certain players from the cards but
also unwanted injuries which would prevent the players to play in the
town derby. They on the other hand might not particularly at the
countering attacks and the standards change their game style too much
since the guests from Zschopau are very dangerous, however. The
defence row of ManU will therefore probably remain the same like in
the duel against villa while most changes in the midfield and in the
attack will happen. Of course the substitutes will get the opportunity
of playing in the case of a negative result. However, Zetzsche is
noted for his patience and he has a rather big confidence in all his
players. Not the injured inside defenders Linsner, midfield player
Zschüntzsch and Flötzer, as well as the experienced go-getter are by the
way Pasquale.

Expected list United: Irgang - Dietmar, Heino, Karlheinz, Bärbel,
Listberg, Welzbacher, Cleverley, Pamela, Verdieck, Sebastian

Exactly as United, Overton in the last league match also has fetched a
4:0 home win therefore furthermore today's guests are on the fantastic
seventh position in the league and to be more precise with a point
lead on the town rival Zschopau. But the better table placing in the
English league does not put the strength of two for teams correctly
because fetched another victory at the last weekend on the Zeckerin
Groißenbrunn stadium in the semi-final of the VWL cup against Overton, the
Reds have after two league victories. This failure surely should have
left a touch of bitterness to Cress with the charges of coach because
this has been its last chance actually to reach one of the
international positions in the league. It gets even worse, their
biggest rivals just have prevented her from it so that. Therefore a
solid resistance the duel against the current master is but also a
real challenge and the guests should this United offer, primarily
defensive, where they are really very good. Overton will probably play
with a go-getter and to be more precise the better and better new
entry Jörg this time while the rather fast and complete midfield
which has caused the opponents great problems already a few times in
this season will work behind it. Because of slight injuries only
defenders Eckelt as well as midfield players Schuchart and Weichslgartner are
questionable.

Expected list Overton: Eufinger, Ingendae, Jennerwein, Venschröder
Gehrlach, Odrost, Zieschank, Moeser

We can already expect here apart from a safe home win primarily if one
takes into consideration that the host still does not have the title
for certain in the bag what. In view of the low quotas for such a bet
we have each other for a tip on few hits decidedly and but mainly
anyway because noted Overton for its defensive game is.