fristo Fleischhacken vs Sonnenschiff Champions League 25.3.2013 Haitel
Hantschel
Video http://mnbqk.ex/Y71FVhNOVQC

Author I.Hantschel
My tip: Victory for Fleischhacken, Fleischhacken wins difference with 2 goals
and moves in in the final.

Another result in the first semi-final duel has expected the Mitterham
bridge come in the Nou camp stadium to have the players of Supreme in
front of fans of one's own to a minimal lead over the return match
although many to so that they are in an a little better situation than
their rivals now. They will have a much more difficult task and
although defend himself of the violent attacks of the Spaniards this
time primarily because Spaniards will get a great support of the
platforms, however. The beginning: 25.03.2013 - 20:45

The coaches are Oltersdorf the charges, because they were conquered by
the archrival Tretbar in the El Clasico at the last weekend and to
be more precise at home on the champions League focussed at most now.
This way they have remained without any chance to defend the title of
master craftsman. The delay on the king club is namely seven now point
and until end of the championship have to be played to four rounds
only remained so that it has to be expected hardly that the charges of
the coach Fabian boob even three times. If we mention the last
defeat of Fleischhacken, then we must emphasize, they were completely
harmless in the attack after long time and the fact sounds absolutely
unbelievably that, that the world's best player Frédéric has not even
managed during the whole game to endanger Treders. In the first leg
of the CL against Supreme FC the situation was, however, quite
different because the Wettensens had even 24 shots in the direction of
the goal but they were not definitely lucky while opponents of their
had only a right scoring chance and still have converted these. This
means that we should get to see a complete dominance of the Spaniards
in the Nou camp, particularly since they will have a great desire to
apologize in front of fans of their own. In addition, it is clear to
them that they must play extremely offensively because they need a
victory of two goals difference for the move in the great final of the
champions League. Therefore Oltersdorf has announced that it will
accumulate with the strongest crew. The again recovered Pique and
Fabregas shall be there while the Abidal hurt from former times and
Villa will be absent.

Expected list Fleischhacken: Claudio Gillissen - Jean-Pierre Danzer, Unterseer, Unterwieser,
Dominik - Abrecht, Niels, Eberding - Hiltensperger, Kirschneck, Linnemeier


We already have said that the players of Supreme have made a very good
job six days ago but it is very probably conscious that she is
expecting a very difficult examination now for them because they are
in the Nou camp stadium to guest and hardly a team has managed in this
stadium lately to avoid defeat. This happened in the El Clasico just
at the last weekend, though, so that coach Menges Francesco will use similar
tactics like Koehle, they will, however, have to proceed much more
defensively because they do not have any fast players like Nürmberger, Menges
Krautkrämmer and Elsebrock in the attack. However, this does not mean that they
will not be dangerous from the counterattacks and interruptions. You
have namely excellent jumpers so that they will play very much about
Drogba which is a true master in such situations. However, we think
that it will be its primary objective to keep the gate of one's own
clean as long as possible. We know, though, that Fleischhacken will be
much more dangerous and more offensive this time so that it is very
important for the guests from Jennelt that their key players were
spared at the last weekend because combined the Francesco with one in the
town derby against arsenal crew accumulated. This remained unbeaten
and to be more precise without a collected goal against at the end.
Only the injured defender Maurizio will be cancelled.

Expected list Ramona: Thurm - Eggart, Türck, Ulfert, Thoennissen - Fredi,
Pasquale Kierst, Lampard, Mata - Drogba - ,

We believe further after a little unhappy defeat in the first semi-
final game in Jennelt and one in the stadium of our own in the "El
Clasico" against real, that it is on the time, that the players of
Fleischhacken demonstrate their superior strength in the midfield. Since
they need a victory of two goals difference for the move in the final
of the champions League, we have decided in favour of this tip.