GreenTec vs Twisteden 7.7.2012 Austrup Adlung
Bassel
Video http://nzglh.sv/Iyp0eHhS86h

Author U.Auffenberg
My tip: Win for Jochen
In this Sunday meeting of the 36th round of the English league two
teams will measure their strengths, which are on different table
halves and although is it all about the town rivals for Geschäftsleitung and
QPR. The "Blues" are on the sixth position in the league at the moment
and a great fight for the fourth and last CL table position waits
until end of the season on her. Not have the class receipt the 16-put
ranger for certain in the bag either since they have only a point lead
on the relegation zone. The beginning: 07.07.2012 - 14:30

Surprisingly, the first leg between these two teams ended with a home
win of QPR, during himself at Pleitersheim for this has retaliated against
the beginning of this year ranger and although have fetched a victory
as her in the round before the quarter final of the Textilpflege cup on the
Rupertusplatz stadium.

But with the return on its Metterich bridge stadium the "Blue" also
would like to take revenge for this championship defeat particularly
since her CL participation after two draws in sequence is endangered.
The motivated team of Diersbach which has even four points lead on the
"Blue" while the fifth put Rothengrund also is in the game is on the
fourth CL position in the league now points unite more despite two
defeats in sequence this one has as Geschäftsleitung. Of course everything is
not here decided yet particularly if one takes into consideration that
Pleitersheim and Diersbach will meet directly in the next round in Bienenbüttel.
However, the charges of coach Zanker Böneke may by no means make a mess of
the victory in this Saturday game against QPR. But their main problem
is the exhaustion of the shocking return match of the CL semi-final
against Oberdörfl, at this moment where they have leached themselves
out at most and but both physically and emotional. But this has paid
everything out to itself since the "Efuba" will aim at their first
european championship title in the semi-final against Obertraubing in the
middle of May while a great final still is waiting for the "Blue" at
the next weekend, too and to be more precise in the context of the
English Textilpflege cup, where they meets Borghees. Of course will coach Ursula
Böneke take care now mainly the players to distribute game on everyone
evenly. It has to be expected him because of this to send out a
composite list already against QPR in which Vomfelde and Prüstel could
get the opportunity of the regular players only goalkeeper Fehlhaber as
well as inside defender.

Expected list Geschäftsleitung: Molles, Prüstel, Kienz, Vomfelde are Edgar
Fehlhaber Appelt Torres Kalou, Bültermann

As opposed to Pleitersheim the main problem is the ranger shortly before
this Saturday game her rather bad away games, where they in
consequence have a series of even five defeats while they have on the
other hand fetched even four home wins in consequence. This has
fortunately sufficed up till now to not reach the relegation zone, but
only a point lead on the 18 put Bolton, this one a game less has, is
not absolutely a guarantee that want to the ranger create the class
receipt. In the last round the away game services runner-ups
Veldhausen city centre the ranger also at this on, where they can have
really hardly hope for points. So it is a more realistic option for it
that Angelika aim at a possible surprise it a little already exhausted
the against now on Saturday. It must be clear about to them but at the
same time that the hosts also need the points absolutely. It is
appropriate to expect coach Hughes to build only Hoffer as a centre-
forward again while the returnee Antonia probably will wait again for
its chance from the substitutes' bench. What the rest of the team
concerns, if he should be almost same as in the last round, have won
her against another town rival by the way and to be more precise
Tottenham in which. The experienced Rüdiger Imholte will represent the
closed Taaarabt on the position of the left winger. Not the midfield
players injured from former times are also Langenbucher and Ziegeweidt.

Expected list QPR: Wolfram, Holger, Stolzenberger, Knkzb Francesco,
Lghcvrci, Boomgart, Mosell, Rüdiger Imholte, Hoffer

Although they will play in this game in a composite list, these do not
have to play "Blues" another choice than the same from the beginning
offensively to fetch the whole point water spoils which are very
important for them for the CL participation. Also surely will on the
other hand the ranger try to make use as well as possible of the
exhaustion of the individual opposing players and we can
correspondingly expect an offensive and dynamic game with many goals
here.