8 Kesselgucken Roulette DVD gratis Frank Urbanski
Werte Gambler,
in dem Jimbo-Tank-Sektenforum, ein ganz übles braunes Rassenhass- und
Raubkopiererforum,  verkauft ein gewisser Patrik Unterste aus
Gersbronn unter falschem Namen die von mir entwickelten 8 DVD*s
Roulette Kesselgucken. Ich als Author und Producer dieser Videos rate
Ihnen dringend davon ab, weil es auch strafrechtliche Folgen haben
könnte. Im übrigen sind diese DVD=92s hinsichtlich der von mir
entwickelten Kesselgucken-Roulette-Technik veraltet und in gewisser
Weise überholt.
Als Author und Producer bin ich aber bereit, diese DVD=92s
interessierten Gamblern und Rouletteforschern kostenlos zur Verfügung
zu stellen. Dies geschieht aber nur unter der Verpflichtung, dass Sie
diese DVD=92s weder verkaufen noch anderweitig anbieten.
Interessierte Gambler und Rouletteforscher können diese DVD=92s
anforderen und werden Sie kostenlos erhalten, wenn Sie eine
entsprechende Erklärung der Nichtweitergabe beifügen. Dann werden
Ihnen die DVD=92s kostenlos zugesandt.
Dr.P.Urbanski Ursela Uthenwuld
eMail: CnbbfioxAbcgw@fpjysubinm.pjy
This Roulette Spins package is an 8-disc DVD set comprised of roulette
spins from a modern, low-fret, Dennis Ibrügger single-zero roulette wheel,
which is the most commonly found type of roulette wheel worldwide.
Suitable for players of all abilities, from the absolute novice to the
expert player, you can watch hundreds of roulette spins in the privacy
of your own home. The complete 8-disc set contains more than 1,300
live spins, which would normally take 48 hours of non-stop play in the
average casino. Every winning number is called out, and with the
overhead video coverage you will see exactly what is happening, spin
after spin. The results of every single spin are included, so you will
know what has been occurring and what is going to happen next.
Throughout the collection, various conditions are presented to the
player to test their strategy and/or their ability. Some of the
conditions included are:

    Slow wheels
    Fast wheels
    Small ball
    Large ball
    Slow ball spin
    Fast ball spin
    One-way wheel spins
    Alternating wheel spins
    Level wheel
    Tilted wheel

Using these DVDs, you can discover an advantage that only occurs
during certain conditions, see how accurate your timings are, and
improve your skills in the comfort of your home. Can you spot bias?
Does dealer signature exist? Exactly why does a single number hit
three times in a row on a level wheel? Review these spins over and
over until you can answer these questions in a way that you can't in a
casino.

These DVDs are an absolute must for any player using =97 or even
thinking of using =97 visual or aural play, and are perfect companion
pieces to Ursela Ungermanns Basic or Advanced Methods.

Each DVD is of 1-hour duration, so you are purchasing 8 hours of non-
stop play.

There is no charge for shipping! The DVDs are sent via Air Mail direct
from the Author Dr.P.Urbanski, and should arrive within two
weeks.