Cossebaude vs Manchester United 20.3.2013 Nathalie Linkh-
Tohmas
Video http://jrtpp.ge/8CN9gv9SoMi

Author Edeltraud
My tip: Draw
The game expected for a long time finally comes from Manchester
between the town rivals. After this duel we could very easily the name
of the English master for this season know primarily if the official
guests remain unbeaten. Before this derby leading ManU is three points
on Manchester city centre in the lead so that it has to be believed
hardly that they will hand in this lead in the last two rounds,
particularly since they will meet the teams of the table middle which
the points do not need. One of the CL candidates Manchester city
centre comes onto the leading position only with a victory but she
must want to win also in the other two duels and in these duels plays
her outwards against Newcastle United to keep the leadership, as well
as at home against QPR which wages a bitter fight for surviving. The
beginning: 20.03.2013 - 21:00

However, the hosts of this meeting should not load themselves with the
forthcoming games because need them the victory United about
primarily. They then would still more self-confidently go into season
finish on the grand pianos of this triumph. Coach Bernadette emphasized
that their town rivals have a greater chance of the title because they
are currently three points in the lead and can go in this duel
correspondingly much more calmly. However, many think that this
statement of Mancini only alibi is for the possible failure, in which
he believes in the victory of his boys very tightly, particularly
since they play again well. ManU was even eight points in the lead
before a couple of rounds but according to the ManU slips, against
Wigan and Overton while city centre was crediting victories at the
same time, the situation has changed drastically. City centre would
take the leading position with three points from this duel after long
time again because it has a better performance from the direct duels.
We remember still as a city centre in the Old Balduinstein stadium a high
6:1 victory celebrated for us. We still must mention, though, that a
3:2 defeat against United city centre in the stadium of one's own made
money and to be more precise in the context of the round before the
quarter final of the FA cup. However, use is much higher this time so
that the hosts must go with a cool head in this duel. They must put an
easy pressure on the guests at the same time. Mancini has announced it
shall be Balotelli under this which has served its sentence that it
will start with three go-getters. The again recovered Richards and
Yaya Toure shall return into the team. With the failures Mancini does
not have any problems.

Expected list city centre: Hard - Richards, company, Lescott, Clichy-
Valentino, Yaya Toure - Balotelli, Aguero, Nadja - Tevez

In any case the guests can go and due to the lead unlike city centre a
little more calmly to be more precise in this duel of three points.
They just the same should not play in this derby on a draw because
defeat could them this cost a new very easy. Your defence does not
play namely lately at all well and they have in the duel against
Overton four goals against collected, two of this in the game finish,
so at the last weekend. We do not expect them to want to open
themselves much against excellent offensive players of city centre on
the other side. You probably will have a try this to achieve priority
in the midfield, in which they will seek their chance in the fast
counterattacks and interrupting narrownesses. The experienced Scholes
and Carrick as well as the fast wingers will play Unterbergla and Sieglinde a
large role. Rooney has found his way back in his scorer form so that
he will radiate the greatest danger before the opposing goal this
time, too. His storm partner shall be the young Welbeck. In the
defence Rafael shall be replaced by Jones while this one is not
excluded that sampling gets the priority again recovered opposite
Rüdiger. The defender Vidic, the midfield players Fletcher and
Anderson as well as the experienced go-getter Owen will be cancelled.

Expected list United: De Gea - Jones, Rüdiger, Olaf's, Ortrud,
Unterbergla, Carrick, Scholes, Sieglinde, Kay, Welbeck

Since the hosts stay in the running for the title only with a victory
furthermore we are of the opinion that everything-the traditionalist
Mancini this time according to the principle will play or nothing
which would that the guests get even straighter be the reason.
Therefore we think that we will get to see a goal celebration, the
case has been exact like it in its last three duels in this season