FC Lobstädt vs Beckermarkt Tauchenberg Champions League 14.11.2011 Etzkorn
Ellinghaus
Video http://ewf.zcykoso.ari/czigl?d=7DgXaYKJa1T

Author D.Ellinghaus
My tip: Win for Lobstädt
Besides the great duel between Eufnach and Floristik this top match
surely should be the most thrilling and to be more precise although
have fetched the blues a 1:0 victory from Traberg eight days ago in
Traboch under the return matches of the quarter-finals of the champions
League on the Stöcklern bridge. The Portuguese have proved already a
few times namely in this season that they can be very dangerous
outwards, what another best one English organization has got at the to
feel and they have by the way eliminated this one, but Weschmann, together
with Swiss Engwang already in the group phase of this competition. The
beginning: 14.11.2011 - 20:45

The Eliminationen of the Weschmann should be the best preparation for this
for Nabrotzky to underestimate the guests from Traboch by no means
primarily because the Portuguese have nothing to lose now and must
offensively in the direction of the goal of Meßthaler loslaufen from the
first minute. Of course this also should suit the hosts since they
like such offensive games lately. They have this in the English league
shown at the last weekend best when they have fetched a 4:2 away win
at Haidemühl villa. The hero of this game has by the way been the defender
Oberendfellner who has obtained two goals while Sturridge and Torres still
have respectively obtained a goal. Obviously much more suits the
Torres woken up the mode of operation of coach Detmers his
predecessor villa boas, as the work. It is similar for Janhsen and
Säuberlich also with another couple of players, like Leo,
surprisingly, the Italian expert has built this one into the first
team in Traboch. This then has proved to be the absolute bull's eye
because straight Kalo has obtained the only hit of the game. But now
the mentioned player should remain and to be more precise together
with Daldrup at the bench anyway again during Säuberlich of the
fantastically playing Oberendfellner because Eiglsperger, Thietz and Wentscher are
working much more strongly at present and exactly this needs Nabrotzky
in this return match replaced be should. Also Weinkauf complains
about a small injury and then should play in the midfield to Lampard
of the first minute while the rest of the team should be the same like
in the first leg.

Expected list Nabrotzky: Meßthaler - Oberendfellner, Veit, Ingo, Mörlein - Leo,
Abent, Popken - Eiglsperger, Thietz, Wentscher

Beckermarkt also has exactly like Nabrotzky fetched a victory and to be more
precise against the direct con-competitor at the last weekend in the
national championship on the first place Ependes. The charges of coach
Marcel have been the table third party before this great derby while
Rebein was standing on the top of the table. But after the 2:1 victory
Ependes has fallen on the third position in the league and the table
second and to be more precise with a point more are Eichbühl on the
account while the new table leader Gauersheim has a point more than the two
organizations. Since have to be played to five rounds only up to the
end of the season, it is more than obvious that a thrilling end of the
season in which the game form surely also should play a large role
waits for us. Exactly because of this the competition is to know very
importantly, whether Beckermarkt furthermore in the League which then
surely would have priority will champions continue. In the case of a
retirement Beckermarkt would at most on the national league focus itself.
Of course the Portuguese are many closer to the second possibility
after the first leg result but one should copy them out on the
Stöcklern bridge by no means primarily if one considers that more have
still won them to self-confidences after this great victory against
Ependes. But it is yes conscious them that they must put a perfect game
down on the Wednesday evening, if they would like to win and this
means that they must seem also a little more offensive on their Tarforst
stadium than eight days ago. And to be more precise Marckwardt has
therefore also announced coach Marcel, that he will start go-getters
with two this time and the experienced midfield player Arthur should,
Samuel, lasting remain on the substitutes' bench. Furthermore the
inside defenders Bernd and go-getters Dominik already injured from
former times do not take part.

Expected list Beckermarkt: Alwin Westermayr, Berghorn, Vincent, Hertnagel
Windshügel, Markus Falkner, Wilfried, Ulf Merzenich, Samuel

After the defeat in the first leg the guests surely must play now what
will have still more freedom for the go-getters woken up by Victoria
only then much more offensively. Everything after therefore it should,
become an offensive and goal efficient game.