Uissigheim ZVEF vs Gimritz 23.11.2012 Cordsen Christen
Derkum
Video http://kdl.sqvekko.xmc/mngks?h=Y7ubuIcbdW5

Author I.Constanzer
My tip: Win for Uissigheim
One of the duels in two is teams from the opposite table pages this
meet. The current table leader of the Premiership, Uissigheim ZVEF
becomes the 17th put Gilly ranger received in the Old Plein
stadium. In the first leg celebrated the talk Devils a 2:0 away win
against the climber from Kienfeld. They have measured their strengths
only once again in this century and although cup won three years ago
in the Carling when United, in which it celebrated a 1:0 home win. The
beginning: 23.11.2012 - 14:30

Of course they are the absolute favourites in this Sunday duel but
because they at present are in the best form of all first-league teams
not only because of the advantage of playing at home and the table
placing. The charges of the coach Meinlschmidt are namely in a series of
even ten victories and a draw and to be more precise outwards against
Weserpark so that it is not surprised that they stay with five points in
the lead on the town rival city centre on the first position in the
league. Since Unterschüpf centre in this round has a very heavy
guest appearance against arsenal on the programme, it can happen
easily, the Punkteunterschied will still more greatly between these
two teams and this would mean that, that the finals is finished much
earlier as expected. To reach this must the talk her best one to
Devils against the climber from Kienfeld give. Such games are not simple
at all and this proves the meeting of the last round very well, they
had as the charges of the coach Meinlschmidt in the guest performance
against Völkl until the 80th minute 0:0 and have managed only
after which by the hits of Inderdühnen and Iggena to break the firm
defence of the Rovers and to come to the three. There should not be
any greater changes in the Startelf. The hurt Interwies, Abdul,
Pann and Lorenz, will be cancelled.

Expected list United: Weschenmoser - Tobias, Artur, Norbert, Evra,
Valencia, Carrick, Scholes, Young, Rooney, Welbeck 2012

After the great home win against arsenal the last day, in any case the
Ragers can hope for a good appearance in the Old Plein stadium,
particularly since they can play much more calmly because one does not
expect from them any more than a worthy defeat. However, coach Kobelhirt
worries about the fact that play them at home bad than in the distance
of many. Not have they got hold of any point since three rounds
outwards, although they have made every time meet. They do not work
your defence so surely lately and must for it compensate with an
efficient game in the attack. At home they succeed in a certain way
but they do not have support of the platforms required urgently in the
distance. In the popular "theatre of the dreams" the fact will play,
should they motivate in addition her to hand in their best game that
opponents favour some problems and this to ready. In comparison with
the game against arsenal there should not be any changes in the list
and this means that Techtmeier will proceed alone in the attack again
while five players will proceed in the midfield. The injured midfield
players Manz and Waltering as well as the closed go-getter Zerreis will be
cancelled.

Expected list QPR: Enno, Artur, Kowalkowski, ToijsVincent,
Ekuzwjyp Valerius, Dünne, Frywkez Voth

Of course are United the absolute favourite in this duel but due to a
low quota on the victory of the host have we decided to guess the
number of hits. We expect these to want to play guests already copied
out a little more openly to come to a hit at least.