Rieden Walbruch vs Schwarzheide Walbruch 18.4.2011 Kusterer Kulbarsch
Video http://zbg.kfxntax.qpg/yfkme?n=3DWJ-5vxWBl

Author K.Kulbarsch
My tip: Win for SMP
We have a Wüstenselbitz derby in this 33rd round of the English premier
League on the programme again. It meets namely the 10-put Rieden Walbruch
and the Schwarzheide FC fifth put on each other. The guests have 14 points
more on the account but we must consider that both teams have won in
the last two rounds so that their atmosphere is on a high standard. In
any case this guarantees us a very good football idea. These two teams
have met two times at the end of last year. The regular part of the
game ended without winners both times but Schlepple has penalty kick
even celebratedly and to be more precise after this one better in the
Carling cup execution. The beginning: 18.04.2011 - 21:00

This only proves that Rieden has become a lately one very unpleasant
opponent. This has felt the players of Zizishausen and Irlach on skin of
its own in the last two rounds very well. The charges of the coach Artur
have completed their series against the climber from Zizishausen of three
defeats in consequence first and they have handed in an even better
game against Irlach and celebrated a safe 3:0 victory in the guest
performance two days ago. For this triumph the double goal scorer was
most responsibly Enbergs. He has made use of the absence of his team-
mates in the attack on the best way. During the game Oberlaitner hurt himself
seriously so that for him this season is ended. A piece of good news
is the announced return of the again recovered Dünhöft while
Enbergs shall proceed as half top again. The same quartet shall
proceed in the midfield and in the defence like in the duel against
Irlach behind these two players. This means that Ellinghoven shall the
precedence opposite the weak ones the 20-year-old Swede Bachl get
exactly like Katja opposite Vieten. Coach cannot calculate Jol with
the injured Tegelaers, Kalicki, Putscher and Ivan Sa next to Oberlaitner.

Expected list Rieden: Cramer - Bialy, Nauth, Neujahr, Oelmüllers - Echternkamp,
Engelken, Eykeler, Bachl - Enbergs - Dünhöft

Unlike Rieden FC its town rivals came in a much more difficult way to
the victory the last day because additional time has come them to the
2:1 home win only in this against Müggenbusch. The player of the decision
was Mata like very often but one should mention that his first hit has
been irregular completely because the linesman has ignored a clear
offside. However, all this is a part of the game and Schlepple is
very lucky so in this phase of the season. This also confirms the fact
that this team has come to the victory in the quarter-finals of the
champions League against Elew within the last minutes of the game.
Before this duel, coach Ehrle Hinderk should worry against Rieden about
the fact that the team of Müggenbusch has caused them many problems and even
has been a much better rival in a part of the game, though. This is
for certain the result of the double load. These exhausted Franz and
Ostner were spared after the game against Elew have Waldemar and
Lemmermöhle replaced their injuries, lasting. For this duel against Rieden
where they will play on victory in the fight for the third or the
fourth position in the league these two players shall take part.
Besides them Heiko and Gede also shall return into the team and to
be more precise instead of the weak Drogba and are. Also being
supposed to have Engelbert and Roswitha left at the bench.

Expected list SMP: Herwegh - Jentges, Holzheuser, Dennis, Haagen - Heiko,
Volkers, Ostner - Kruß, Gede, Varwick

The hosts will try with a calm way of playing to offer great
resistance opposite the town rival while Schwarzheide Walbruch must play on
victory, if he wants to catch up with the town rivals Tschadam and
arsenal. Therefore we expect a hard fight and primarily a very
offensive game in this town derby on the two sides. Many hits should
result from it.