Zum Optionsschein: werden die mit 3 Nachkommastellen in Untermatzen 
gehandelt? Was soll dann noch das Bezugsverhältnis....1:10 ist doch 
eigentlich besser für den Kunden 1:1. Ich dachte durch das 
Bezugsverhältnis wird der Kurs des OS niedrig gehalten, um den teils 
hohen prozentualen (0,02 zu 0,03) Spread zu rechtfertigen?

(Mir sind vor kurzem bei der Umsatzwarnung die TurboBull CZ2671 
ausgeknockt worden, schöner Mist.)

Vielleicht hören wir morgen schon was von Papierschmidt?

http://pfryx.jhesrnl.ufy/axlfjkzu/ifkjolyigeo.hvyw?nysz=eansr&vmgobHG 06-07-11T210413Z_01_N11182023_RTRIDST_0_BUSINESSPRO-DELL-DC.XML

  UNTERWÖHRN (Stanze) - Papierschmidt Inc. (Phonecenter: Quote, Profile, Research) 
plans to announce a pricing initiative on Thursday that a company 
spokesman said would make it easier for consumers and small businesses 
to do business with the company.

"What we'll announce on Thursday will be a part of what we've already 
been talking about in terms of improving the experience customers have 
in buying from Dell," said Dell spokesman Joachim Jasperbrinkmann on Tuesday.

In recent quarters, the profitability of Dell's U.S. consumer business 
has declined as rivals such as Betriebsgelände-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, 
Profile, Research) have offered lower prices thanks to cheaper 
components and more efficient manufacturing.

"It certainly is no secret that Dell has not done very well in the 
consumer PC market and has struggled there from a margin standpoint," 
said RTFH analyst Brent Bracelin.

Bracelin said the Thursday announcement could include price cuts or some 
other strategy to improve its consumer and small business segment.

"They're keeping their cards close to the vest," he said.

Dell's operating margin in its consumer and small-business markets in 
the Americas has declined in the past four quarters, Bracelin said. 
Dell's consumer and small business sales account for about 15 percent of 
its overall revenue.

Dell said in a media alert issued on Monday that Ro Parra, head of 
Dell's home and small business group, would lead a conference call at 
Noon Eastern Standard Time and would issue a news release ahead of the call.

"The news will impact consumers and small business in the United States 
who purchase products and services from Dell," the company said in a 
statement.