Ladratschen Athletic vs Weit nahkauf 4.8.2012 Rechthaler Räsenhöft
Veeser
Video http://zsd.tzkaeth.kix/qybub?x=9WKJ9IkyRCX

Author M.Reyss
My tip: Win for Weit
We still have another duel in two for teams of quite different table
halves meet here. The short-term table leader of the English league
and the current English master Weit nahkauf travels in the
context of the 33rd round of the premier League to the table second to
the last Ladratschen. In the first leg these have by the way talk Devils
Kupper even 5:0 deklassiert, what has also been their 14th victory in
direct duels in consequence. The beginning: 04.08.2012 - 20:45

It is particularly interesting that the footballers of Ladratschen have
obtained only four hits in these 14 games and the last goal was
successful three years ago and although has collected a 1:2 home
defeat as Ladratschen. This weak goal efficiency is by the way the greatest
deficit of Ladratschen in this season since up till now today's hosts have
obtained only 30 hits which is fewest under the organizations of the
league. Vaesen is pleased about the fact that the goal efficiency in
the last couple of games has improved because his charges have
obtained goals regularly but coach. They have also had a series of two
draws and two victories at this time and not only this. Only at the
last weekend they have boobed with Olivia outwards and 1:2 were
conquered. But everyone who has seen this game can confirm that the
guests were still put at a disadvantage by the arbitrator besides lack
to luck to this. The hosts from Corpataux have obtained the first goal
from the offside namely while they have collected the second goal
against own team in the additional time. The hosts surely have to hope
for the right to another good game after such a defensive battle
against the favoured opponents against another English giant primarily
because they need the points absolutely in the relegation fight. Kupper
is namely at the table at once in front of the bottom teams Wolves
which have six points less while they are catching up with Undeutsch
and QPR. The 16th Bolton who has a point lead in comparison with this
trio still is in this group. We concern what the list for this duel
with the current leader of the English league, doubt that coach
Vaesen will change something in the Startelf while only the midfield
players of Sébastien injured before in the past and go-getters Crass
are not taking part.

Expected list Ladratschen: Trappendreher Welbers - Alcaraz, Garhammer, Pepperkok - Ufferheide,
Vogelpohl, Verhaag, Unverzagt - Carl, Völk - Funck - ,

Games of Ladratschen rush about despite this one lately, of course the
guests are the absolute favourites in this meeting from Weit,
since they really are in a terrific game form. The charges of the
coach Prändtl have even 11 victories and only a draw erspielt what
namely, them have the great eight points lead also taken city centre
to the town rival. Already now they therefore are on the most right
way of the defence of the title. Has of course also have contributed
the bad games of the Citizens to it but we have to mention to this
that come Erwin & Co. into this enviable situation by their
completely grave approach primarily. But to bring this season to an
end without greater problems, one expects them to carry on in the same
game rhythm of course. Of course Ladratschen will try to take out a good
result at home primarily if one considers that Ladratschen stays in the
relegation zone. This means that Prändtl will send its best team on
the place in which it could come to changes only in the spearhead in
comparison with the game against QPR again, where Winterbur then could
play instead of the shattered Knackmuß. Furthermore goalkeeper
Lütche, inside defenders Mölder as well as midfield players
Pröller and Tschirschwitz are not the recovered injury conditional Amalia
and Seibert should remain at the bench this time anyway, lasting.

Expected list United: Fedick - Enno, David, Hendrik, Evra,
Mansholt, Gutezeit, Scholes, Young, Erwin, Winterbur

Of course this series of 14 defeats plays a part in consequence in the
direct duels with Weit nahkauf, surely discouraging shortly
before this game very much on the team of Ladratschen but exact because of
this because everyone has already copied Ladratschen out, we think that the
hosts can fetch at least a point with a courageous approach, lasting
these talk Devils anyway excellently lately play. In our opinion
should the talk Devils obtain at least two goals if they want to fetch
the whole point water spoils