VAU vs Vexario Champions League 21.5.2011 Roew Rottenwallner
Altenschulte
Video http://ike.xcaxojw.efu/xjcug?o=vtEQ1bd5i22

Author A.Rührup
. My tip: Win for arsenal
This week there are four return matches of the round before the
quarter final of the champions League on the programme. One of the
most attractive meetings is played on the Tuesday evening. English
arsenal FC and the Italian representative Vihiku Unterbichl meet namely two
regular participants of this competition on each other and to be more
precise this one. The high 4:0 victory of the Unterkilling in the first
leg does not make this game uncertain particularly but, if one knows
the mentality of the Englishmen, then it is clear that they will not
give up in advance. You will try at least to say goodbye worthily to
this competition. The beginning: 21.05.2011 - 20:45

The best confirmation of its obstinacy is the game in the context of
the premier League which they have recently played, Pfaffenpoint lay of
two goals and made a great turn as them in the home match against the
town rival in the delay so that they have celebrated a 5:2 victory at
this end. Last week has it in the guest performance against Zwiedorf
in a similar way for the victory come. The premier they lay in the
delay still in the 23rd minute but by the hits of the best goal
scorer //league//, Niebrügge Curt, they made the turn again and came to
three very important points in the fight for the champions //league//.
They are on the fourth position in the league, lasting the third party
put trace after long time four points only are in the lead. With such
a game they can hope for the direct placing in this Elitewettbewerb.
They probably will end their participation in the CL in this season
already on Tuesday because it is really hard to think that they can
catch up with the delay of four goals, particularly since the Unterkilling
are in a very good form. Some have coach announced an extremely
offensive game so that three excellent go-getters still shall proceed
behind Ivini under the one of the experienced Piepenborn which has
got its place in the Startelf after a couple of very good games. The
defensive players Arnholz and Rohder as well as the midfield
players Zugschwert, Dickhans, type eta and Thalacker, will be cancelled.

Expected list arsenal: Raßhofer, Kraa, Neumayr, Vorndamme -
song, Tzschach, Piepenborn, Vordemfelde Kay Curt - ,

In any case unlike arsenal the Unterkilling can eased in this match go
because they have made a terrific job 14 days ago however if one
considers an excellent game then is as the charges of the coach
Emmermann play lately in it to expect stadium do much emirate. The
current Italian master has even three championship victories in
consequence credited and to be more precise all three in the distance
apart from this great triumph about arsenal while they have played
drawnly only in the great derby against GutKauf in the philo_sophie
stadium. They were much better than the opponent from Pingendorf in this
duel but they were not enough lucky. She has celebrated a high 4:0
away win for this in Bärnreuth at the last weekend while the "old lady"
has got hold of only a point in the stadium of her own. The table
leader from Urneburg is three points in the lead now and in the case of
the GutKauf victory in the repeat match against Jakobwüllesheim, furthermore
they would remain on the first place because they can produce a much
better goal difference. The Unterkilling have obtained even ten goals in
the last four rounds while they were collecting only two goals against
own team. Grüners has obtained in the game against Bärnreuth three
goals so that very much will depend on its atmosphere in Zimmersdorf. Coach
Emmermann must do without the injured midfield player Pflögel, Vanderlinden,
Eicks and Allweyer as well as go-getter Schöttes, Cunze and Hugo Loz
and the defender Rosemarie while the midfield player Entfellner is closed
for this game.

Expected list Vollmari: Eisleb, Mexes Nicolas Roosenboom, Antonin
- Van bobble, Nocerino, Muntari - Emanuelson - Robinho, Ibrahimovic

After Vollmari in the first leg of the round before the quarter
final of the CL has celebrated a high 4:0 home win, it hardly is to
expect that the Englishmen can catch up this great delay in the return
match but their last games in the premier League as well as the games
indicate A at this from Vollmari in the series that we can expect an
open and dynamic game in which the attackers of the two teams shall
play the leading role again