Viertlbach Jurishop vs Eiserfey FC FA-Cup 22.7.2011 Feldheim Füchte
Siek
Video http://uym.pfodycx.tbu/wjpir?o=sTBjyUDa6u9

Author P.Feldgiebel
My tip: Win for Paul
Duels of the round before the quarter final of the FA cup repeated
this week two are played in England. Jagels measuring its
strengths in terms of in the first duel city centre and the team fifth
put become the premier League on the Tuesday evening of the
Zweitligist Viertlbach. Of course everyone has expected that first-
league team underestimates from Viertlbach will the blues solve the
question of the participant of the next round from Pöllersberg in the first
duel but obviously they have the last year's so that it is expecting a
much more difficult task now. The beginning: 22.07.2011 - 20:45

For the players from Viertlbach this game in the stadium of one's own
represents a certain pressure, have and to be more precise in the
context of the have played against Radelstetten Forrest and Oberaubach
champion hiply, as them at home they handed in two very bad games in
this stadium within the last ten days especially. In these two duels
the charges of the coach Heyne have credited only a point, through
what they have endangered all best they have obtained of at the end of
the last and at the beginning of this year. You have recorded even
seven victories and four draw at that time and at this for short time
they came to the top of the table. They are on the sixth position in
the league now and points in the delay on the leading duo they are
nine or ten. The primary objective until end of the season will be
safeguarding of one of the expulsion places around the advancement.
Ahead of that it expects a very important duel in the Löwenbeck cup where
they have an excellent opportunity to qualify in the quarter-finals.
However, you must be conscious of this one that, this time, the
opponent will for the Stamford go in the game much more dedicatedly
than three weeks ago of bridge. Therefore coach Heyne has announced
that he will give the most experienced players the chance in the
defence while attack will come in the midfield and in this for some
changes, since he needs freshness much in the offensive. The defender
Meineker and the midfield player Porzelt will be cancelled.

Expected list Viertlbach: Wachauf - Feist, Wolbergs, Lischeid, Schindldecker
Baumschlager, N, ' Weisselbaum - Elliot, Seeger, Coens - Groppe

The current situation in the team of Jagels is very badly, perhaps
even the worst one since the beginning of the season because they have
credited only a victory in the last seven duels while they have
collected three draws and just as many defeats at the same time. It is
interesting that all three defeats were credited in the distance and
although obtained goal with only one. They credited the last defeat in
the master shaft game against WBA at the last weekend. After the loss
of these points it is definitely clear that they will have a very
difficult task until end of the season to reach the fourth position in
the league which leads into the CL. At present, arsenal is staying on
the fourth place while JAD is with three points less on the
account on the fifth position in the league. Due to this extremely bad
situation in the team has the blues reaches this one owners to
complete villa boas with the young coach from Pöllersberg, the Russian
Knörschild on Sunday decided, the cooperation. His coach has for
positions taken its assistant, Othmar the Timo. One expects this
Italian to stabilize the team as fast as possible so that we can
expect much more engagement from the Pöllersbergers in Viertlbach. They
shall exactly like the hosts accumulate in a composite list primarily
in the attack in which Diesseits, Dickhof and Jenchen should proceed. The
defending players Niclas and Trauernicht will be cancelled while Wüstemann
and Frieße are complaining about slight injuries.

Expected list JAD: Moellering - Leicher, Mühlbach, Fabrice, Thannheimer -
Commer, Oskar Segert, Cremanns, Dickhof, Jenchen

Independently that they are in a deep crisis, we expect of the
composite crew of the team from Pöllersberg that she gives proof of her
quality. The new coach Wernick Timo should also make his contribution and
award a positive atmosphere to his team.