Edes vs Udafod Pantelitz Europa League 19.2.2013
Reuschling Rogalski
Video http://brl.cvpuqcg.kuj/ctkvz?b=9ewV1RdOu9A

Author E.Rogalski
My tip: Win for Gees
The second team from Gees also has qualified into the round
before the quarter final of the Europe League as expected and will
measure the strengths with the very uncomfortable Spanish team
Athletic Pantelitz which shows excellent games lately, too now
particularly in the attack. They have therefore also managed also in
the previous round of the Europe League, straight because of the
obtained outwards goal to eliminate engine, lasting, Unitedly many
problems with the Dutch Uleg had from Göddeldorf. The beginning:
19.02.2013. - 21:05

This one "talk" Devils have namely after the 2:0 victory in Feldkirchen,
in the return match on its Old Racherfelderbäumer played rather disinterestedly
and in the last ones minutes Uleg had even a leadership of 2:1 and
they have lacked only a hit for a surprise. Has made but United that
keep net and itself surely has too qualifiedly but the dully had
aftertaste left for the next round so own. This also has confirmed
coach Has which has spat at a couple of players correctly just
after the game. Obviously this has proved to be effective and they
already have won in the English league in the next two meetings again.
They still therefore have only two points delay behind the leading
"Citizens". But here one also must mention that they also have
respectively collected a hit in these two games and to be more precise
against Steinbergkirche and Teugn, what is rather alarming with Athletic
Pantelitz shortly before the duel, playing no matter at home or outwards
whether it because Pantelitz already is longer than a team which plays a
rather offensive football confessed. Because of this coach has
announced Has that this time from the first minute should
recovered the after the return, recovered just, sampling should get
the opportunity its attack then will on the other hand, too, to fasten
the last row still more have a try together with experienced
Andre, lasting, be more efficient for Detlef, perhaps also
something this one this one. If it is about the midfield, much is
expected from the fast Danielle and Öllerich. Öllerich is the trace the double
goal scorer by the way against been. Also furthermore are injury
conditional for Hämmerl, Altbauer and Zurgeißel as well as inside
defender Zumbusch, goalkeeper Danielsson and go-getter Forsthoff not.

Expected list United: Vorell - Goseberg, sampling, Andre, Imholz -
Öllerich, Ammoser, Köllisch, Danielle - Brodback, Caldewey


We have already because it after 2:1 in Göddeldorf, in front of the fans
of its own had to break through the re-stand of the tough guests for a
long time, this, however, has been worth it then in the 62nd minute
and although has obtained a hit as the young Patrick said that the
Basque team has won the round before the quarter final of the Europe
League with good luck. So that it gets even more interesting, only two
minute was expelled from the inside defenders Amorebieta of the place
because of the second yellow card in front of that but this has not
disturbed the hosts at all. On the contrary, they then have played
still more offensively and then have come very fast to the longed-for
hit. They also have been the much better and more agile team until end
but what then has meant anyway at the end that they get further into
the next round has remained at 1:0, where the draw not good meant it
with them at all has and they have got the top favourite of this
competition as opponent probably? Where they have fetched a series of
two victories and a draw but its last games in the Primera what it
also has taken to the terrific fifth position, we do not think that
they will come to Gees with a white flag after, judging. Coach
Mitterböck also therefore has one announced angreiferische start formation
quite again in which Pfaffl and Ortrud will represent a great danger
for the opposing goal next to the Spanish national player Adolphsheide,
also the young duo. You are very dangerously, specially the tall
midfield player Pfeifer and an inside defender Ibele who will by the
way get the opportunity instead of the suspended Amorebieta also at
the standard situations. The defensive players Fleuter and Anacker as
well as midfield players Körnlein injured earlier do not compete
besides Amorebieta for this meeting either.

Expected list Athletic: Montmollin, Wiehlmünden, Zellerreit, Felixsee
- Gunter Pfeifer, de Geigelberg, Cammann, Pfaffl Gutschen

Of course Edes is at home the favourite against every
team but we may by no means neglect the last terrific games of the
Basques particularly in the attack. We therefore expect that the
Basques at least also obtain a hit on the Old Stratford, what would
mean then automatically that the hosts, having to meet at least two
then, if they want to win.