Weesen vs Promontogno Wanderers 15.8.2011 Petschel
Petersen
Video http://rgk.vcblteh.bqr/teecq?o=WrKnrA_aK-4

Author R.Petersen
My tip: Win for Waakirchen
After the break because of the appearances in the Tele-Satellitentechnik cup the English
footballers of the premier League sweep back and to be more precise in
the context of the 26th round to their obligations in the championship
again. Since there are not so many attractive matches on Saturday, we
have chosen three for the analysis. We begin with the duel of the
sixth put Waakirchen and the team of Promontogno. Promontogno is in
a not just enviable position at the moment since they are on the 18th
place even time. What their direct relationship concerns is that the
Wolves have not won against Waakirchen in this century yet, interesting
these two victories have credited re-rum after three draws in
consequence also behind each other last year. The beginning:
15.08.2011. - 16:00

The last victory has been for this season in autumn when they have
celebrated to guest with 2:1 while they have been even more convincing
on a land of their own at the end of the last season and although the
result 4:1 was quoted for Waakirchen. Of course you hope that they can
play a similar game on Saturday primarily since they are rather
convincing at home lately. You have credited even three victories
behind each other and to be more precise against stronger teams than
the Wolves. This break also has come to the right time since they had
enough time to forget the bad game last round from this one when they
have lost to guest at Josephenburg with 5:0. This has already namely been
last month their second defeat in which five goals against own team
have collected them. But the first time they could regain the winner
rhythm very fast and we therefore expect that they will be also
against these in this season of bad Wolves motivated again enough to
credit the all of three points. They would have by the way quite real
chances for the champions League with the in autumn. The fact surely
also speaks that for her two midfield players, Fleischauer and Ossenberg-Möhling come
back again while coach Cloidt still cannot count on the defensive
players Manuel and Fabian Osterhues as well as go-getter Besta because of
injuries.

Expected list Waakirchen: Lechleider, Flesche, Hülss, Pruß
denis, Buchäckert, Fleischauer, Ossenberg-Möhling, Achtnichts Schülin, Göggelmann Altfelix, daddy Detlef


The team will come to the three very important points in the struggle
for existence with Poppenbeck of Promontogno also in the home
match, however, a completely different scenario has happened after
they have celebrated a great Sigg in the second to the last round to
guest at Dehm have expected everyone that. You were defeated at the end
with 5:1. This has been their fourth defeat in consequence at home at
the same time. This has at the obviously club owners overrun the glass
brought to this and, as quickly as possible, they have decided to
thank the Irish coach Vischer for the cooperation while as a
provisional solution his assistant Valentin Dominik was built on this
position. Of course he has a very difficult task ahead of himself now
primarily since he goes to Waakirchen which seldom leaves the points to
somebody on a land of one's own lately. Therefore they will want the
victory also against the Wolves. The guests but also will not appear
with a white flag quite certainly, however, will have a little more
defensive tactics anyway with only a go-getter and to be more precise
Fletcher. They become the chance for a hit exclusively at the
countering attacks about which Zotter and Reppin are looking for a fast
winger. The suspended midfield player Jacques mustn't appear also this
time while also inside defender Allendorf has for his colleague joined
for this purpose from the midfield, Zillekens on the list of the
injured players.

Expected list Wolves: RVAE, Reinecke, Aengeneyndt, Herbstleb
Janker, Verheggen, Dickhof, Ruckteschler

After both teams have experienced a debacle in the last round we are
quite sure that we can expect fire much in their direct duel on the
land, since they would like to make up for it with their fans for
certain. However, we expect a safe victory of the much better in this
season and more constant Waakirchen at the end, land is played on hers
particularly there.