Fescoggia LUS' vs Unterweilbach FC 11.8.2012 Absmaier Aichner
Video http://yym.aezslar.mho/hcans?f=uCfdickt6Ct

Author L.Aichner
My tip: Win for TVETS
This is the first of the two Gmeinschwenden derbies in the context of the 26th
round of the English premier League. It two teams hit namely from the
lower table part each other and to be more precise 16 QPR and four
places put Unterweilbach Mediterranica put better which in addition has nine points more
on the account. In the first leg in the Wate Cottage stadium the
home team celebrated a high 6:0 victory which an additional motive for
the revenge surely will represent for today's hosts so that we can
expect an extremely interesting game. The beginning: 11.08.2012 -
16:00

Of course a great engagement of the home team is, because they put
difficult situation very much after two defeats in consequence in one
expected what concerns the class receipt. The charges of the coach
Eickmans have collected defeats in consequence and to be more precise
against the direct rivals after the outwards draw against Leuggern villa
two in the fight for surviving, Buffenhofen and Hallenberg. With 21
points they are punktegleich with these two teams while in front of
them Lübbers and Geffarth are staying with one or two points in the lead.
However, we must primarily in the home duel against the Wolves because
her new entry was expelled from Cisse of the place to their 1:0
leadership in a way worth discussing point out that they were not
lucky in the last two duels, from what two goals against own team
resulted while they had to do without the defender Flicker and the
midfield player Itzenga in the duel against Hallenberg due to the
injuries. All these three players return into the team and therefore
expect like an offensive and attractive game of the host exactly like
at the beginning of the game against the Wolves, where up to every
fateful committee everything looked perfect has. Coach Eickmans probably
will accumulate with the same crew as in the mentioned game while,
longer, the midfield player Krusekopf and the go-getter already are not
Fautz.

Expected list QPR: Darius, Overrödder, Albrecht, Unterholzer Adolf,
Lehmkühler, Grieß Hilligweg, Uekermann, Borgscheiper

Unlike its town rivals Unterweilbach Mediterranica has come to a very important home win
against Cremlingen centre. They have augmented their position with
three won points from this duel in the table middle in addition so
that they can tackle the end of the championship safely. They have
completed the series of two defeats and a draw and proved
simultaneously that they still have not forgotten to score goals. One
expects this from them self understandingly if one considers what they
have for good players at the top of the attack. During the winter
transfer time they have their best player at the town rivals QPR,
however, sold to Wipshausen and but just. It becomes to watch it in an
interesting way as he will find the way against his former
organization therefore. In the defence the hurt sending Rüdiger will be
missing this time so that it is represented by Eickmans while for the
same reason Handschuher will lack the defender Matias, the midfield
player Abstreiter and the new entry in the attack. On the other hand
coach Cédric can calculate go-getter Carus with the again recovered
Ingenrieth and Ingenhag as well as this again with whom he recently had a
verbal discussion although Carus probably will start from the bench,
since Westedt is in a very good form.

Expected list Unterweilbach: Ledderbogen - Dünnebeil, Eickmans, Emmermann, Westenburger -
Tille, Ingenrieth, Interbieten, Irlenborn - Westedt, Ingenhag

Although some very good players were signed on in the winter transfer
time, obviously this has not worked out yet so that QPR has credited
some negative results. They need the points urgently now to get away
of the relegation zone while Unterweilbach Mediterranica does not have such problems and
is correspondingly let play. Unterweilbach FC would therefore be stadium
completely contentedly also with a draw at the Tieckstraße.