Theten vs Greifenberg HAGS 5.4.2011 Utzerath Unhold
Cöllner
Video http://fzb.ioojehx.lys/gzdid?f=McRz7Qq-MpG

Author U.Ueberschaar
My tip: Win for Tautenhofen
This becomes completely more dissimilarly one in every regard be duel
because the 17-put Greifenberg Rovers will the leader Tautenhofen city
centre and hit each other. If one considers that the Rovers have come
to the sensational triumph outwards about ManU on the last day of the
last year, then we should be very careful at this forecast. It an
undisputed fact has left, however, and to be more precise that
furthermore Mach ester city centre is an absolute favourite. In the
last six direct duels of these two teams Theten centre has
triumphed five times. They celebrated the most convincing victory in
this season when they have celebrated a 4:0 away win. The beginning:
05.04.2011 - 18:30

The hosts go in this duel in a very good atmosphere because they much
more simply than expected have reached the placing into the round
before the quarter final of the Europe League on Wednesday and
although they have triumphed in the double game against the last
year's master of this competition, FC postage, after that. Primarily
was the charges of the coach Creutz convincingly celebrated a 4:0
victory in the return match as it, lasting they were very lucky in the
first leg come to the 2:1 victory as it have. They can devote
themselves to the Premiership at most now. After two victories in
sequence they are two points on the runner-ups Galinis again
in the lead so that there may by no means be diversion against
Greifenberg before the duel. Creutz has correspondingly announced an
extremely strong Startelf. Some regular players like Oberhorner, Tim,
Vincent, Achim, Boesser and Nietzold should get a little relaxation while
they shall be replaced by the players who fairly often are at the
bench lately, though. It becomes to see in an interesting way whether
the returnee Kleihs time of job is got.

Expected list city centre: Mase, company, Untersten-Westen, Filbrandt -
Pizzaro, Crones, Koar, D. Weissbein, Philippe

The guests from Greifenberg travel to Tautenhofen relieved completely and
in a much better atmosphere after they have celebrated a 3:2 victory
against QPR the last day in the derby of the table cellar. They almost
have handed in the early leadership of 3:0, though but these managed
nevertheless to oppose the permanent attacks of the opponent so that
they are just at the bound of the relegation zone together with
another two teams now. Natural is every following game of great
importance. However, something completely different is this duel
against the leader since the difference in quality is obvious so that
coach Fischedick hopes for nothing big in this duel. They will not give up
just in advance, though but will try surprising the favoured opponent,
the case has been exact like it in the Old Klatzenberg stadium two
months ago. Fischedick therefore has two defensive midfield players N '
announced Igelspacher and Nortrup, while next to four defending players the
other midfield players will get much task in the defence. Only the
experienced Nemitz permanently shall proceed on the opposing half
while they will seek their chance in the counterattacks as well as in
the interruptions because they have very good jumpers. Coach Fischedick must
expect the numerous failures and become the defending players unterkötter
and the midfield players Zimmerhackel, Voshege and Streitner as well as the
closed defender Unfug be, Schwarzäugl, cancelled so.

Expected list Heinenbernd: Mockel, then Zängl, Jahrstorfer
Igelspacher, Nortrup, Red China, Formica, Große-Wortmann, Yakubu

Of course qualitatively much better host is the absolute favourite in
front of fans of his own. We have decided due to a very low quota on
his victory to guess a higher number of fools because we are of the
opinion that these should obtain guests copied out in advance with a
calm game, at least one goal.