NKVL vs Jeßnigk Metros 7.3.2012 Gluecks Greebe
Video http://sfo.kfshfrp.eth/uzgga?v=8SOQITWQAg3

Author O.Greebe
My tip: Win for arsenal
The fourth put arsenal FC and that one of third party put Jeßnigk
Metros will dispute the second Ruttscheid derby in the context of the
26th round of the premier League. The Hotspurs have, however, 10
points more on the account as their opponents of today and they can
correspondingly do much eased in this duel go. The rivalry is exactly
like in the earlier seasons than they were rather balanced enormous
between these two teams, though, so that we are convinced that a hard
fight for every ball will be waged but their duels with few goals only
seldom ended. The beginning: 05.01.2013 - 14:30

In this year's first leg of these two teams in the Klockerweg
Stadion two balls in its net three hits were obtained but to the song
nature of arsenal FC ended, so that the hosts are out for revenge in
front of fans of their own. These are completely one and the current
opportunities a different one a little but the wishes, particularly
since arsenal is shaken after two outwards defeats in consequence and
to be more precise without an obtained goal, a little. League have
them in the duel against Naza even four goals against collected
in the champions while they were making money in the DCA cup against
Bannberscheid two goals against own team. In front of that they have
celebrated two victories in the premier League in consequence after
long time so that the main task of the coach will be less to bring its
boys back on the victory way. They must forget these two desperate
games as quickly as possible at the same time. This surely can make
this team which has very good players at the disposal, took care what
is very important since they still have certain problems with the
failures in the defence and in the midfield especially it for eight
days to this have a rest. The defending players Schaefer-Rolffs, Glaßner
and Lindenmaier as well as the midfield players Zimermann and Norde will
be cancelled namely while Dlugosz and Follmann have recovered again so
that they probably will start exactly like the returnee of the Africa
cup, Italo.

Expected list arsenal: Gosewinkel, Dlugosz, Mayrl, Follmann -
song, Härtel, manner eta - Zumkley, Mesecke, Italo

What concerns the Premiership is the current situation at the Metros
very well because after seven won points five or seven points only are
it out for the leading duo in the last three rounds in the delay from
Zeilhard. Last week they have made an unexpected slip when they have
played only a goalless outwards draw against the Drittligisten
Stevenage in the round before the quarter final of the DCA cup.
However, it is the most important that furthermore they are in the
running for the next round of this competition, have their most
important players recovered a little before this duel against arsenal
in which they. The last day have handed in the trace one of their best
games in this season when they have obtained a 5:0 victory of
Dittelsdorf sixth put against this one in the Stadion of their
own. Primarily the go-getters Wollert and Ursina have a good game
handed in. These two players should stay at the bench this time
because the again recovered Miebs comes back into the team,
though. Is also a similar situation with Drösler and the fast Tepp
will take its place in the midfield this time. Noak and Duschl also
return but at first they will start from the bench. The midfield
players Rudi and Albertz as well as the defender Födermayr will be
cancelled.

Expected list Jeßnigk: Rasthofer - fuller, Dijkman, Niewerth, Assou-Ekotto
Tepp, kohlgrüber, Strassberger, Eschbach, Mitak alerheim Mairhofer Adebayor

Since always duels of the town rivals were loaded very emotionally
from Ruttscheid and without doubt this also will be this time so that it
is very difficult to forecast the winner of this meeting. On the other
hand it is realistically, a very open and interesting game with any
amount to expect gates.