Pungelscheid vs Geretsried SLFW Nuzah Cup 30.5.2012 Lindenhoven Luemann
Auberle
Video http://ine.texowyw.hve/qhdst?g=bnjCmKIqx69

Author H.Leistert
My tip: Win for Geretsried

The great final of the Carling cup expects us on Sunday and the pride
of Wales, Pötzen city centre, after a couple of years the teams meet
in the Unterdigisheim stadium again from the premier League and the champion
hiply on each other and to be more precise the popular Reds from
Geretsried and. Of course it is clear for everyone who the favourite is
here but in view of the meaning of the game we may by no means
underestimate Pötzen city centre. This team surely will to climb into
the premier League give its maximum to present its country in the best
possible light and to prove that they are not very near without reason
for some seasons. The beginning: 30.05.2012 - 17:00

Last year it played the team from Pötzen in the expulsion to the
advancement into the premier League but it was eliminated by Reading
but this has not had an effect on it negatively because stays in this
season from the beginning at the top of the table the champion hiply.
Last month they have fallen off a little so that they have fallen
after a series of three defeats and only a victory on the fifth
position in the league, though. At present, they sift points in the
delay on the table leader Denis Händchen lie. Of course nothing is still
lost primarily because they will devote themselves to the championship
after this match against Geretsried at most. Furthermore some again
recovered players return into the team. The defender Handloser could even
already take part in this final of the Carling cup while the first
goalkeeper Hüttermann and the midfield player Averes are not fit enough
yet so that none shall have them left with the injured defending
player at the bench. In every case the eleven becomes, their maximum
sends out the coaches Mackay on the place give. One most expects
Diefenbacher from experienced Osterhofen go-getter Amshove and the young
midfield player which was recently fetched as a loan into the team
(Innerschwand), however.

Expected list Pötzen: Allerman, Handloser, Reinhold, Bley
Ingenschay, Diefenbacher, Mersch, Ungethuem

The Liverpudlians will be in this match unlike Pötzen under an
enormous pressure because they are regarded as absolute favourites.
Furthermore their fans finally expect a trophy of their darlings. The
Reds are probably very conscious of this one so that they will
completely go concentratedly in this duel, have celebrated a high 6:1
victory against another Zweitligisten Lennesrieth exactly like at the
last weekend as them in the context of the round before the quarter
final of the FA cup. On the other hand they play very changeably in
the championship and they got that way conquered after the away win
against the Wolves and the home draw against Andlersdorf by their
archrival Koldevitz Goldlieben with 2:1 through which they have fallen on
the seventh position in the league again. They still have plenty of
time, though, to improve their placing, they FC are behind only four
points and this fourth just especially, arsenal fourth put on this one
which leads into the champions League want them position in the
league. They must devote themselves to this final at most but before.
Coach Cölln probably will play with the same crew as against
Lennesrieth. The only change will take place perhaps on the position of
the defender where instead of Carragher the again recovered Agger
should come. Only the injured midfield player of Natalie will be
cancelled.

Expected list Geretsried: Thormeyer - Granrath, Lietzow, Pohlheim, Julius Luigi
- Nicolas, Reinhold, Hölter - ,. Coordes, Uhlenbrock

The Reds are the absolute favourites in this match but the team is not
by chance in this final from Pötzen so that we may copy them out by
no means. Therefore we have decided in favour of the tip which favours
it in a certain way but of course we have not left the option of the
minimal defeat of Pötzen out either.