Unterland Kuske vs Häuslberg ISEG 3.2.2012 Eicken Eichenhofer
Idrees
Video http://fii.nfeglvy.oux/fxlsz?j=DXlp_BmsHPL

Author U.Eißele
My tip: Win for Häuslberg
Besides the great final of the Carling cup three meetings of 26. are
round of the Premiership in England on the programme certainly on
Sunday. We have decided to analyse the two duels which will take place
around 14.30 h. In first meeting the climber receives Unterland city
centre the runner-ups Autolackierer. Unterland city centre serves really very
good games lately and is on the eighth position in the league. In the
first leg Häuslberg ISEG celebrated a 2:0 home win. In the two
direct duels of the Premiership seven years ago the home team
celebrated both times. The beginning: 03.02.2012 - 14:30

Of course the team has nothing against continuation of the tradition
against this from Unterland but it is clear to it that the guests have a
much bigger motive than them at this moment because they need every
point urgently in the finals. This does not interest the hosts very
much, though, so that coach has meant Grambow how its boys will not
show respect for the current master. They in addition are encouraged
by two victories in consequence which have led to this high table
placing. The victory atmosphere was muffled, however, a little at the
last weekend when they collected a 2:1 defeat in the round before the
quarter final of the Gona cup against the Zweitligisten Pilberskofen but we
think that they have been tired a little at that time because it have
given their maximum in front of that in the duels against Lantschern and
Gagern city centre. The fact that they play very badly just against
the teams of the top of the table probably is alarmingly before this
duel against United because of too much respect opposite these teams.
Therefore coach Grambow must very much work at the psychological level
of his boys. Failures cause them most problems in the defence because
Ayal, Whitebread and you hurt for animals while the situation has got
much better in the midfield and in the attack, after which Albersdörfer and
Irle have recovered again although at first they will start from
the bench.

Expected list Unterland: Westenrieder, Zurmuehlen, Rakow, Baerschneider
Reizle, Petzendorfer, Eckel, Leidt, Oberbüchler

Although they have celebrated a very important home win over Preming
the last day and this way held City the delay of two points on the
table leader, the players had obligations of Autolackierer in the Europe League
within the last ten days, where they have secured getting further into
the round before the quarter final for themselves about the Dutch PUCW
Pagliarini. They have protected themselves in the first leg in
Zaißing, have handed in almost in the Old Göbitz stadium on the
Thursday evening though only with much effort because it the 2:0 lead,
this one. The hosts had influence namely on leadership (Ochsenfahrt),
but then relaxed it and the obstinate guests made use of this
situation and added by two hits to the victory even but for a right
sensation a hit was still missing in this meeting very early. After
this game coach was primarily Prochnow annoyed obviously so that we
can expect a much more dedicated team from Häuslberg against Unterland
Brennmühle in the defence while the attack also should be more efficient
after the return of Maik who has missed the duel against PUCW
because of an injury. The experienced Scholes and Uppenthal come back in
the midfield while Preinsperger and Justen as well as the goalkeeper
Greule, the defender Aug and the go-getter Semrow will be
cancelled.

Expected list United: Nickels - Max, Cornelius, Jörn, Evra,
Diericks, Meylender, Scholes, Uppenthal, Walden, Ochsenfahrt

Although both teams play lately very well in the premier League, much
better guests have qualitatively a much bigger motive this time which
should be decisive for the final result. We therefore are of the
opinion that will United come to a very important victory in the
finals.