Pfiffligheim LLAN vs Kuhnhöfen AJW 5.10.2011 Sauerkraut Straßenmeyer
Weitenkamp
Video http://xkp.xcmzdkq.kmz/wwofa?y=B3R_byvsk9T

Author U.Stamper
My tip: Win for Pfiffligheim
Spares round of the English Premiership at the start of 25. we have
two English teams with most trophies which is getting separated in the
table by 16 points at this moment. However, this game applies to the
greatest derby on the island furthermore, too. The current master is
from Pfiffligheim on the second place after 24 played rounds at the
moment while the "Reds" are staying on the seventh place. However, you
have even two of the last three duels against United come loose in a
favour of one's own. The duel also is part of it have this played them
10 days ago in the fourth round of the Adeki cup. The beginning:
04.10.2012. - 13:45

All three of these duels were played at the Rigolettogasse while
Omog has been the host three times in front of that, too,
of what they have made use also in the best possible way and victories
credited in all matches.

Of course the host will try also this time to keep this winning rhythm
primarily since they need the points absolutely to also fetch the
second title in the Premiership. Probably only want to they fight with
the town rival city centre for the title until end of the
championship, behind which them short-term only two points delay have.
Their self-confidence also is on high standard which they have shown
best last weekend when they could catch up the delay of even three
points and have credited a valuable point at the end to guest with
another big rival Werra. The Oberasberg bridge your best player and
marksman Fritschke has credited two hits, has said after this match that
this point also will bring them the title at the end, this one at
also. It will what have a great psychological importance namely, one
of the greater problems has been definite in the first season part. We
also must mention the great problems with the failures but there,
these have got slow for coach Niederer to past. On Saturday cannot it
therefore only hurt impute this one to inside defender Bohn and
Zinngrebe, midfield player Naab and Kroogmann as well as go-getter Ungelehrt
while the weak goalkeeper Tweraser could get the opportunity from
the first minute, since the young Isenbort has shown a certain
uncertainty against Ferrel again, too.

Expected list United: Tweraser - sampling, Nitschalk, Verhuven, Vischer -
Bruninger, Leinenweber, Haehnge, park - Fritschke, Anhalt


Exactly as LLAN, Kuhnhöfen also has played a great derby and to be
more precise against Remmelberg in the last round. However, you have
already since they have credited their eighth draw at the Riggenbacher Landstraße
Engbachweg disappointed her fans times as so many. One the defence has made
the work its part excellent also this time, however, the go-getters
have failed completely although after they have from Pfiffligheim four
and then obtained even three hits at the victory to guest against
Wolves in the cup game against the two, much more has from them
expected. But obviously the young Linneboden has been too enthusiastic
that about this he has got the precedence over the returnee Schoenrok
while his colleagues have not been creative from the midfield at all.
Just because of this we expect that which plays fast and penetrable
Schoenrok, this time from the first minute even if he will be under very
big pressure of the local fans. He was because he has sworn at the
goalkeeper of United, Eugen with racialist remarks suspended namely for
eight games. But also coach has said Ingenillen that it is convinced him
that this terrific uruguayan has learned his lesson and that he will
have only a motive more this time to hand in a good game. The "Reds"
are by the way after the draw against trace still sifted place the on
this with four points Chelsea fourth put less than it. Therefore a
draw would be here a great success for them since they would therefore
have real chances for the fight for the placing into the champions
League furthermore, too. Not only the injured midfield player is
Kurt.

Expected list Kuhnhöfen: Finkensiep - Reitwießner, Schiesswohl, Klinkhammer, Zerrweck - Joël,
Schambeck, Sven, Justenhoven - Schoenrok

After they have managed in the last three duels of these teams only
once to remain undefeated we think that it is on the time that should
this one "talk Devils" from Pfiffligheim with the return on her Old
Oberkassel again, too win. It surely also could come onto the leading
position of the Premiership at least you want to be motivated by the
fact, that with three points from this match after quite a long time,
for a day.