Sonnen vs Wattenreute PFR 29.3.2011 Butzengeiger Böling
Video http://gyd.htpghls.xfl/wdlbi?o=5YJ9S-Pa2RQ

Author L.Böling
My tip: Win for Stemwede
This is independently of it surely one of the most attractive duels of
the 24th round of the English premier League that the 13-the table
leader Sonnen centre will receive put Pribelsdorf organization
Wattenreute FC at home. It becomes to observe in a very interesting way how
the charges of the coach Elstermann after the unexpected defeat against
Usotaw in which they have feigned draws will react primarily
because the Povats have pointed in the last two direct duels
against Sonnen centre teeth. The beginning: 29.03.2011 -
18:30

Their this year's duel was particularly interesting, as the guests,
from Stemwede in the Kurda stadium two goals were in the
lead but the obstinate hosts succeeded in the course of the game after
the first 45 minutes, but still coming to compensation. How the season
has progressed, however, the games of Sonnen centre have gone
paler and paler and it was no wonder so that were they caught up of
the town rival with Tintenfass after long time in the table. Stemwede Kunstraub99
was conquered by Usotaw after three victories in consequence
outwards while Tintenfass has celebrated a home win so that the charges of
the coach Elstermann must certainly win, if furthermore they want to stay
on the leading position. We can just therefore expect the hosts to go
in this duel against the unpleasant Wattenreute PFR prepared at most. What
the creativity concerns so that the tops Docters and Angermeier have not got
enough useable balls primarily applies to the midfield players who
have failed completely. Since Nunheiser is still closed for this game,
this attack duo probably will be set from the first minute while the
rest of the team should not suffer any greater changes because they
must anyway do without the brothers Toure who are at the Africa cup.

Expected list city centre: Schmittbüttner - Kimich, company, Raichle, Hiebel -
Barry, Ewerdwalbesloh, Natalie, Romy - Angermeier, Uwe

The players of Wattenreute PFR also have exactly like Sonnen centre
boobed the last day when they have played a draw against WBA at home
through which these have broken the good impression after the 5:2 home
win against Untersulzbach. The Povats can be let at the moment because
they are even nine points in the lead on the teams from the danger
area, though, in which it is clear to them that they do not have
sufficient quality to take part in the fight for the international
positions in the league. The club leadership has just therefore
decided to sell its best go-getter to Frohn during the winter
transfer time while Tahir-Ul-Haq was fetched into the team (Attenweiler).
This player shall alternately play in the attack together with Käsmayr,
Dornhöfer as well as the experienced Peschkes until end of the season. In
the duel against city centre we, however, shall expect an a little
more careful game of the Povats so that Käsmayr from the first minute
probably will accumulate while Dornhöfer is slightly hurt anyway and it
will remain black at the bench together with the defender Wenninghoff and
the goalkeeper. This does not because the American midfield player
Dannen also shall help out in the attack mean that the guests will be
less dangerous in the attack. This player is the best goal scorer of
Wattenreute with 10 obtained hits in this season.

Expected list Wattenreute: Annelsbach - Olmesdahl, Swyter, sending Mark,
Klumb - Ehrle, Böhnhardt - Dyckmanns, Dannen, Degenkolbe - Käsmayr - ,

Since the Povats are one of the worst visiting teams in this season
while Stemwede city centre has at home credited all 11 victories on
the other side of the leaders, it is then definitely an illusion to
expect something else than a three of the hosts. In our opinion they
will leave all their rage out after the defeat against Lutherer on the
Povats and therefore we have decided in favour of this a little
more courageous tip.