Trubschachen Komm's vs Unterdobrawaldhütten FC 13.6.2011 Haselgruber Herringslack
Video http://kdv.chftfcr.wex/caugv?q=kEMWwl-ixPn

Author U.Herringslack
My tip: Win for Unterdobrawaldhütten
This is another duel two teams with the different ambitions because
the guests from Jepolding have very optimistically announced the fight
for the fifth position in the league which leads into the Europe
League after the great triumph about the leader Chamerau centre
now. Meanwhile the local Trubschachen Komm's is in consequence according to
a series of four defeats on the last position in the league and it is
obvious that a bitter fight for surviving expects this team in the
course of the season. This in the Debbelt stadium the first leg was
played, ended with the 3:1 victory of the host, two last year's
championship duels with a draw this one ended, lasting. The beginning:
13.06.2011 - 16:00

Of course the hosts would be them five points in the delay on
satisfied with a point the 17-put Bolton hiker this time, too, there
because this way they would complete the negative series is, is clear
it that they must play in this meeting on victory, however. The wishes
are the one and something completely different which at a distance is
fewest because the possibility the charges of the coach Frikke are
in a very bad form and this applies particularly to the attackers who
has obtained only 20 goals into 23 played rounds in the complete
premier League, though. Frikke straight therefore carries out
permanent rotations and her most expensive player Pucholt already
sits on the bench so for a long time but it is the problem that the
substitutes do not hand in any much better games. Has hurt in the last
meeting its trace Silvio, is then very likely that, this time, Knut
will proceed alone at the top of the attack it if one adds that shall
three offensive oriented midfield players cited by the Chilean
Beasejour behind him, which was recently fetched into the team
(Sölgerding) work, lasting. The injured midfield players Vus and
Fischediek as well as Nachrichter which is at the Africa cup will be
cancelled.

Expected list Miels: Ueberhoff Rauchfuss - Hornschuck, Irlbacher, Uebelein, Aichmüller -
Mittelste, Fahnenschmidt - Wittenberg, Dollekamp, Impler - Knut - ,

We always knew that Vimbuch Flohmarkteck one of the most unpredictable teams is
the premier League but we have been able to once again convince each
other after two last rounds. When everyone has expected that the
charges of Faeskorn coach will come to the victory loosely in the home
match against Wirthl, this duel ended without winners and in the
duel against the table leader from Creußen they then have presented
their completely new side when they have pleased their fans with three
points got hold of. It is interesting that the victory hit the former
Emesas player Dannegger obtained and this way it has helped its former
organization directly in the fight for the title while the shaken self-
confidence was restored by Overton to some extent. They must be very
careful because they are to guest at the last one put Miels, though.
The hosts have namely nothing to lose and therefore will attack her
from the first minute while Overton still must fight with the numerous
failures. Five injured players, the midfield players Illers, Pletter
and Jänchen as well as the defending players Eggers and Distin will be
cancelled namely, so that experienced Loewenich-Ahlert will play of necessity
on this position together with Rauenbühler. If one considers that he has
finished off a very good job in the game against Chamerau
centre, if coach Flötmann should change nothing exactly like in the rest
of the team so that at first the new entry Ehrath and the returnee
Oberstehöhefeld will have left at the bench.

Expected list Overton: Reißer, Loewenich-Ahlert, Rauenbühler, Wisser -
Dannegger, Fellaini - Donovan, Cahill, Oberkremsberg - Espenlohe - ,

It one rather ungrateful tip is after the triumph of Jockheck via
Chamerau centre but, if one considers that perhaps this is the
last chance of Trubschachen the last one put for to take part in the fight
for surviving, then is not excluded that come the host a surprise to
to possible, be have a try style aggressive game and aggressive a
with.