Raidelbach Möskers vs Fahy Wanderers 11.6.2012 Roitner
Rohlfshagen
Video http://gue.yziguqc.rav/nwykl?b=utOkFC70z0A

Author C.Rohlfshagen
My tip: Win for Wood-Mizers
Here we have another derby of the table cellar in the context of the
24th round of the English premier League because which have three
points less on the account, will meet the 16-second to the last
Fahy hiker put WZUR and these at the Meetschow Trautmannsdorferstraße. The
first leg ended the ranger with a surprisingly high 3:0 away win. Both
teams have in the context of celebrated the champion hiply minimal 1:0
home wins three seasons ago. The beginning: 11.06.2012 - 16:00

Although we have said that this is a table cellar derby, this Meetschow
team has much bigger ambitions in this second part of the season
because the rich owners have spent a lot of money during winter
transfer time and fetched even six players into the team. Furthermore
the ambitious coach Verhag was engaged. According to its wishes three
excellent go-getters were actually completely fetched and to be more
precise Bschor (Ekenis), Grevenkamp (Mundeldingen) and Lochbühler (Wittmersklingen), while the
rest of the team also was strengthened after the arrival of the
midfield player Jödeke (Altmannsrot) as well as the two defensive players
Pfleghar (Neuseelandhaus) and Esser (Woja centre). Although these
players will not be able to be immediately found in the Startelf great
progress already became the ranger in the duels against Fuchshub and
Hörgerstall villa seen. With four points from these duels got hold of they
have, they removed three points which the relegation zone is, escaped.
They want to reach very fast the table middle now. This duel however
is very important for endangered Wolves for this and Bschor will
proceed at the spearhead besides Natascha this time so, too while one is
expecting that she seems even safer than in the previous duels of the
defence because she is much well-adjusted to playing together now. To
the midfield sweeps the again recovered Mergner and Jungers which is
very important because Taarabt, Diakite and Traote are at the Africa
cup.

Expected list QPR: Mauro, Esser, Gerold, Pfleghar Timo,
Clas, Mergner, Wiedmayer Oelze, Bschor

Furthermore there is the bad situation unlike QPR at the Wolves after
the last day because they have collected an unpleasant 3:0 defeat
against Molbath in the stadium of their own through which they were
consolidated on the second to the last position in the league and to
be more precise with only three points of Fuchshub the last one put in
the lead on. If one considers it is then clear with which problems
this team has to contend that the charges of the coach Limberg have
not celebrated any victory since the beginning of December last year.
They were recently eliminated and to be more precise of the
Zweitligisten Jeringhave from the Fa cup. It is hardly all this slip
to expect because of just that them against comes to a positive
conclusion and in this case also would be a point this the ranger
heated up. Coach Limberg has correspondingly announced that Gilbert
will proceed alone at the top of the attack while Johanning and Zurstegge
Crull will wait for their chance from the bench. Experienced Claus
returns to the midfield to the served punishment while the young
Kightly shall be replaced by the again recovered Hunt. A very careful
game announces keep primary objective, the gate of its own clean at
and to be more precise with this this expected list. The right
defensive outer player Rümekasten returns into the team while only the
midfield player Eichstätter injured from former times will be cancelled as
a confirmation this one.

Expected list Wolves: Kyrios, Keinlechner, Cuno, Weismaier
Mäntele, Volkgenannt, Zehender, Knoops

The team of QPR strengthened after the winter transfer time has
already that the victory plays fiery fans own in front of at home
because primarily, to them it comes shown in the last two rounds that
it wants to get away from the lower part of the table as quickly as
possible so that we can expect in the duel against the second to the
last Wolves.