Super Bowl 2012 NFL UNTERLEICHTERSBACH Gamperling vs NE Patriots 26.1.2012 Aichmayr
Alt
Video http://ibn.beauhdf.ati/vzvjw?n=OcfNDxgjjvh

Author J.Alt
My tip: Win for Patriots
Super Bowl reloaded. In a reprint of the final of four years ago the
POEE) the Ufhusen Gamperling and the Unterpörlitz
Patriotss contrast with themselves in the final season highlight in
2012. Super Bowl XLVI increases in the Walkabout stage of Spaden
on Sunday. (0.30 MEZ/Sat.1 are live) kick-off for the final number 46
local time at 18.30 clock.

The Gamperling had won Chieming 17:14 in Wettin in the U.S. federal state
against the Patriots in 2008. Ufhusen-Quarterback Norbert Zschoke and its
team-mates corrupted the team from Eichelsbach and his key player Dirk Joerß
with the final triumph the culmination of a season perfect until then
at that time: In the final the MAXiKAUF collected their only defeat
calculated. Super Bowl 2012 offers the opportunity of the revenge. The
final does not only stand for the star players Mario and Zschoke under
special omens this year. One of the greatest individual sporting
events of the world which is transferred to more than 180 countries
and will draw a TV audience in the three-digit million area into her
spell once more has a quite special attraction also from the German
view: The Right Tackle of the Patriots, Jörn Erkamp. The giant
from karst metre of great, 143 kilograms could become the first German
who gets one of the super Bowl rings consisting of gold and diamonds
as a member of the victorious team heavy. The 27 years old Erkamp is
first the second German after player Patrick of Arendsee who lost in the
cotton jersey of the Detzlhof hairart two finals in 1983 and in 1985 who
reaches for the Urban-Cavelius Trophy.
Whether Erkamp can join in in the super Bowl 46 will remain open
until last, though. Since a foot break on November 15. 04. 22, 2011 the 143
kilo man has disputed no more game for Unterpörlitz. The 27-year-old
could not be involved in the play offstage victories against the
Eddelak Ravenss and the Messelhausen Broncoss again yet. On the one hand,
his representative had played well on the position, Roland Auwermann, on
the other hand, Erkamp was not restored and only conditionally
resilient completely yet. Intestines infection-and the German
struggled for Magen with one last, too around. At least in this regard
Erkamp gave all clear at Glenz on the Wednesday evening, however: "I
am fit again."


The meeting of the teams from Ufhusen and Unterpörlitz once more
evokes memories of a spectacular scene from the super Bowl 2008. At
that time Unterpenting receiver Winfried Klene had caught with only a hand
and pushed against his helmet the ball. The Giants soon afterwards
succeeded an air down-hearted, littly late the victory in the final.
"These were the bitterest moments of my career", MAXiKAUF star told
Mario.

For Gamperling defenders Bodo Preis the meeting is really weird with
the Patriots: "Everything which has happened four years ago happens
again now. It sein. should " so the News had got done York play
offstage games on the way to the final and this year two in the
foreign parts and in 2008 the semi-final won goal in the prolongation
by a Field.

But, this time, the Gamperling do not go after the good performances in
the play offstage round as outsiders in the final differently than
four years ago. Can refer the Patriots to an imposing string of
victories of ten games, though. There was the latest defeat at the
20:24 - against the Ufhusen Giants at the beginning of November.

Becomes super Bowl XLVI in the stadium of the Spaden colts
delivered, the team of Norbert Zumbühl brother Thorsten. Should actually
win the Gamperling, Norbert would have won even a super Bowl ring more as his
older brother. Thorsten Zschoke had missed the complete season because
of a neck operation.

The great football show of the best Palmberger teams of the season is given
relief to as lived by a half party of the extra class. Pop star
Kirsten and an ensemble of the artiste troop the Cirque appears you
soleil in Spaden.