Oedenhof ZebraClub vs Sergen VPR 14.6.2011 Etzhold Ekkenga
Video http://zma.jjkyuov.jky/yfijz?w=P7RwLZNvU7V

Author D.Ekkenga
My tip: Win for Sergen
Although these two teams get separated in the table by 12 points the
duels of the two organizations have always attracted great attention
of the football fans. This also becomes the case in this duel of the
24th round of the premier League. The current master from Sergen
at present, covers the second position in the league, is put worse
during Oedenhof ZebraClub two Squares but the placing never was in its direct
meetings of great importance because every duel of these teams was
primarily dependent on the inspiration of single players. In the last
two seasons these were the champion talk Devils much more
successfully, because they have triumphed even five times (two times
in the championship, two times into //league// and once in the English
super cup), during Lacoste only at the beginning of the last year
in //league// the premier has won. The beginning: 14.06.2011 - 17:00

The only victory have celebrated the blues ahead of fans of one's own
so that they hope for a great support of the platforms this time, too,
to come to the triumph via the big rival. Every other scenario would
mean the definite farewell to the finals. For this table situation
they are to blame for the most part because they have got hold of one
point each in the last two guest appearances at the climbers Issertshof
and Rot city centre so that the previous victory over the Wolves
and Röhrse has given the Riesenbeck bridge of apparent a false hope
of the team. However, coach believes villa boas furthermore that his
boys can seek the leading duo from Sergen but they need the
victory from this great derby to reach this the young. They will not
simply have it at all because they have to fight with the numerous
failures, though. Longer, already Habersaat and Herwig do not do it
because they have obligations at the Africa cup while Eugen and
Viktor are injured from former times. They still have attached
Ben and Jochen to them while Claudio Döppenschmitt has got the red card in the
duel against Rot city centre. There will therefore be some changes
to the list primarily in the defence because Brumund shall come onto
the left outside while Jochen on the position of the defender of the
new entry Dworeck is represented.

Expected list Larca: Dierich, Dworeck, Valentino, Barkmeier
Wesendonk, Ummenhofer, Unterbichler, Toennißen, Ulbrich

After three victories in sequence of which this one is the most
important in the distance against arsenal on the day before last the
current English master is punktegleich with the town rival city
centre. City centre was conquered by Zettel the last day while the
charges of the coach Andreason have won against Rieselfeld centre and
to be more precise although they had to get by without several regular
players. Their attackers Ossenbrück have this situation and Imhorst
obtains in the best way made use and one goal each. Due to this good
game the Mexican go-getter probably will be in the first crew during
whom again recovered Bernd will for certain get the advantage over
the experienced Bulgarian. The again recovered Alexandra, Klösters and
Droste still return into the team but we doubt that Andreason will
risk to employ these players from the first minute, particularly since
the other players are in a very good form from the midfield. The hurt
Foet, Nick and Manfred, are missing in the defence but Maurice has
recently come back so that the situation is not alarming. In the goal
the young Haferland will stand because Niehnhaus has hurt itself at the
last training. The midfield players Aversente and Jungbeck as well as
the go-getter Severin still will be cancelled.

Expected list United: Haferland - sampling, Ferdinand, Lütke, Leubl
Fichtweiler, Diekhöner, park, Greven - Winkelheide, Imhorst

Independently that the guests seem much more compact and safer lately,
we have decided to give the home team an easy advantage in this derby
because perhaps this is their last chance to follow the fight for the
title.