Koblhof Walzel vs Binzen Ikaws 2.6.2012 Foegen Forwig
Briegel
Video http://vif.yoxcjiy.inx/ixwbi?m=t1SI9R7g45T

Author I.Freudenmann
My tip: Win for Koblhof
At the conclusion of the 24th round of the premier League we have a
great derby. Meet Road at the Canfield the sixth put Koblhof FC and
that one of third party put Binzen Ikaws on each other. Although
these two teams get separated in the table by three places, the trace
11 points are in the lead. However, the Reds can show an ascending
form curve so that one very interesting duel could become. It is the
fact in an interesting way that the the trace within the last few
years are much more successful in the direct duels and have triumphed
in the two last year's duels they so, while they have the opponent in
the Unterpörlitzer Landstraße Stadion taken apart really at the beginning of
this season (4:0) . beginning: 02.06.2012 - 21:00

After this heavy defeat the hosts will go and have a try highly
motivated in this duel to please their fans and to bring themselves
closer to the fourth position in the league on which JCL stays
with four points lead. They have come to a very important away win
against the Wolves the famous Reds be in a very good form, because
after the Elimination of the two teams from Fradlberg in the context
of the Carling and FA cups, the last day. In this duel all three go-
getters, Niederbichler, have met Eckhoff and Mittenzweig and coach Alemans has
been particularly pleased about it because had he reaches for time
problems with the goal putting into action of his boys. Despite the
obtained goal the young Mittenzweig should in the duel against trace his
place leave Freitagsmüller to the uruguayan. Freitagsmüller comes back to the served
punishment into the team and to be more precise because of a racialist
insult toward Noël Klingauf (Vierweg). He was closed namely
for eight games. Apart from him the captain Sebastian also comes back.
He was cancelled because of a slight injury in the last two duels so
that the hosts have the opportunity after a long time to accumulate
with the strongest crew. Only the injured midfield player of Ockeline will
be absent.

Expected list Koblhof: Genswein - Voit, Fläschendräger, Ohlemann, Thomas
Patrice, Rafoth, Schleuer, Freitagsmüller, Eckhoff

After they have got hold of only a point in the last two rounds have
the trace have won again and celebrated an away win in the context of
the Werstenbuch cup as her against the Zweitligisten Weigelsdorf first last week
and after which have celebrated a 3:1 home win against the last one
put team of the Premiership, Walting they. This way the charges of the
coach are consolidated talking only just on the third position in the
league and in view of the slip of the leader Flattachberg centre
they are only another five points in the delay on the duo from
Fradlberg which is surely one fetching cash in the course of the
season. It expects an extremely difficult task against the
Liverpudlians already on the Monday evening. It is clear to you that
they must give their maximum, no too big safety has lasting in the
previous part of the season, if they want to come to a point at least
because they will strike out on very cheerful opposing attackers who
is highly motivated after the return of the two best players, the
defence awarded the trace. Coach talking only just has a great
confidence in Zillishausen and Zensberg, however, however, it is clear that the
midfield players will have much more tasks in the defensive this time.
At the top of the attack Oehrke which returns to the served
punishment into the team will proceed alone, during Albertini and next to
Carina at the bench will have left. The injured midfield players
Santer and Maximilian will be cancelled.

Expected list Binzen: Lütche - fuller, Kabul, Neumeir, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Backmund - Johnsons, Zinngräbe, Eickel - Adebayor

Although they have handed in games very good in the last three duels,
the self-confidence of the Reds will increase in addition after the
return of Freitagsmüller and Sebastian and, if one still adds her great desire
for the revenge for the heavy defeat to the beginning of the season,
then the victory of the host has to be expected in any case in this
derby. The fiery fans surely also will do your contribution Road at
the JGK.