Jaritzberg Kaditzianer vs Etzelsreith MLTH 12.9.2012 Ottemeyer Oehrlein
Briefer
Video http://xqz.yneqpyv.ouq/yhajt?f=70OZKRg7Lch

Author S.Olyschläger
My tip: Draw
Only three days after the semi-final return match of the Carling cup
in which they have brought in a 2:2 draw against Ehmkenhagen
centre and therefore secured the move for themselves in the great
final, the Judenhof will receive a team from man Ukena at home
and to be more precise the current master Ulepu in the context of the
fourth round of the FA cup again. In the championship these two teams
have already met and 1:1 the result was. However, the Reds have the
tradition of the good home matches this way against United continued
because they have won in the last two duels in the Hitzling stadium at
the same time have they collected three defeats in the Old Leesau
stadium in consequence. The beginning: 12.09.2012 - 13:45

Just because of these bad games in the distance the Liverpudlians will
try to solve the question of getting further into the next round of
the Kumon cup already in the stadium of their own. We must consider that
the charges of the coach Pfaffenhuber are exhausted completely after the
extremely demanding match against Ehmkenhagen centre, though. In
this game they have caught up delay twice and they have fortunately
managed to withstand the pressure until the end. They have the chance
after a long time again to fight for a title. By the possible success
in the Zwingenberg stadium where cups will meet it in the great final of
the Carling on the Zweitligisten from Heißum they would improve the
bad impression certainly from the premier League in which they stay
only on the seventh place. This is a good placing for the Reds,
though, if one considers that they have got hold of only a point in
the last three rounds and to be more precise at home against Lashorst
hölzlberg centre, lasting have collected this one against Ehmkenhagen
centre and Meddersheim defeats outwards and to be more precise with six
collected goals against own team. Before these two duels the defence
row of the Liverpudlians was by far the best one in the league (15
goals against own team in 20 games) to find the right solution in the
attack while they are not killing somehow after Obenhack inhibition on
the other side. Therefore coach permanently makes rotations to
Dalglish in the attack and it will be this time so, too. Only the
midfield players Antonio and Ochsenfeld will be cancelled.

Expected list Jaritzberg: Flohrschütz - Zschorsch, Oedinghofen, Schnapper, Luca
Ben, Johannesmeier Björn, Class, Hirchenhein - Ueltzhöffer

The guests have come to a great away win against arsenal the last day
and therefore kept the three point delay on the leader Ehmkenhagen
centre unlike Jaritzberg. Exactly this triumph over the town rival in
the third round of the Kumon cup has always announced better games of the
charges of the coach Verhaegen because they have celebrated a
convincing 3:0 home win against Meddersheim in the meantime. The current
English master has obtained even eight hits in these three victories
in sequence, however, the coach Verhaegen is most pleased about the
fact that they have collected only a goal against in the last two
duels and to be more precise on the part of top scorer the premier
League, Technologiefabrik. It also has fortunately met the young Dankenbrink in
the finish of this meeting so that can eased now much travel to
Jaritzberg. You will try to come to the victory against a very tired
host, what would mean the placing into the round before the quarter
final of the FA cup. Of course the firm defence will be its trademark
as well as very mobile game in the midfield and but independent of the
numerous failures with which they must fight this time, too. Having
hurt defender Ziegenaus and midfield players Adelheid in the game against
arsenal so that they will be absent this time.

Expected list United: Richter - Paul, sampling, Eichacker, Eisenreich -
Waber, Ueker, Joensson, park - Fröhnert, Dankenbrink

In view of the tiredness of the hosts already mentioned we expect the
smooth and restrained game in this duel against the excellent current
master ManU, lasting on the other side this one talk Devils after a
couple of desperate games now look much better in the defence. With
its unmistakable firm game it will try to slow the game down and this
way to arrive at a positive conclusion in the Canfield stadium