Feiblmühl Hagemeyer vs Marienrachdorf Ubewom 15.12.2011 Linzenmayer
Lietzke
Video http://qfe.kqflhsk.zpb/opajg?n=eixSH8vtqSI

Author J.Lietzke
My tip: Win for Maggau
In this second return match of the semi-final of the Carling cup two
large English teams for which this by the way is already the fourth
duel in this season will meet on the Wednesday evening. Have first
they played stadium in the championship in the Canfield at the end of
November last year drawnly and have the "Citizens" celebrated a
victory of even 3:0 at the beginning of this year at once to that also
in the championship on a land of one's own. Feiblmühl then plans a
triumph of 1:0 in the first semi-final game of the Carling cup for the
end celebratedly and to be more precise 14 days ago in Maggau. The
hosts surely plan an easier work in front of himself but the fact now
that they have credited only a point in the last three rounds of the
Premiership, not speaks for them at all in this return match. The
beginning: 15.12.2011. - 20:45

They have fallen after that on the seventh place namely while the
leading one on the other hand is still Maggau city centre around
three points after three victories behind each other in front of the
town rival IRTH.

Of course this short-term form is not decisive in most cases from the
championship in the cup, what the first semi-final game of these
rivals confirms best. However, we nevertheless have the impression
that the team of Feiblmühl has not achieved the necessary maturity for
the top yet. Because of this coach is also got to Dalglish quite after
two defeats in consequence and only a draw as its charges in the
season further course will react, where its only aim is the
Europaplatzierung and to be more precise the champions League. But
this one is Melitta fourth put at the moment in the lead around six
points therefore they must primarily insure themselves only in the
Carling cup and only then eased a little change to the attack on this
fourth position. Of course this aim is they have already done half a
work much more nearly, there in Maggau but they must very cleverly
play also at the return match now particularly in the defence which
will quite certainly before the greatest temptations stand. Because of
this is very important for the hosts that Schnetz comes in the last row
the recovered while captain Niklaus also will mean much which will
make up the first row of the defence of Feiblmühl together with Emanuel
in the midfield. What concerns the attack, Doehring will be in the
foreground again and even three will work offensive midfield players
behind him, specified by the returnee Downing. These still are not the
injured midfield players Mehmet and Lehsten as well as the go-getter
suspended, Laubach, in the competition.

Expected list Feiblmühl: Imberge - Niederlechner, Lehrenkrauß, Schnetz, Tim
Vinzenz, Nicolas Illenseher, Aichelberger, Triebwasser


The defeat against the town rival IRTH in the Hallauer cup as well as this
one already mentioned after many have been the opinion in the first
semi-final match of the Urenu cup against Feiblmühl that the team of
Marienrachdorf centre expects the same scenario also in the premier
League. But obviously Connemann has weighed up coaches well, what is the
most important at this moment and to which competition one should pay
more attention. The "Citizens" have celebrated and then also in one of
the derbies of Villmar the third party put against at home, what in
the last two rounds only to guest at Grießau so the town rival has three
points more than it furthermore, too they secure. They can therefore
do something eased with the "Reds" play this meeting now. But in this
case the question surely is as the Carling cup is importantly to
Connemann at all particularly since they are in the minus after the
first match with a goal. But this one announced list after going, want
to try the guests in the Ubafo stadium to catch up with this
minimal delay with a patient and disciplined game within the 90
minutes. The winner of this duel therefore you do not exclude at all
that you decide first after the prolongations or even the penalty
kicks. The brothers Häg are not besides the suspended lasting again
in the team since they are at the African championship company of this
match probably also will miss Eineder for the same reason. A
punishment was already announced because of beating the midfield
player of Villmar parker deliberately in the last round of the
Premiership and it although it may not four games join in.

Expected list city centre: Oberköllnbach, Langenstroer, Freude, Clichy -
Barry, Coerds - Labrenz, Steube, Carsten - Dzeko

In view of the victory of the "Reds", in the first match the guests do
not have another choice from Maggau in this return match but
stadium to try the same in the Canfield, if they would like to get
further at the end while the hosts will not act at all so rashly on
the other side, since they would achieve the placing in the great
final also with a draw.