Götschetal Viesel vs Götschetal JM 11.10.2011 Stof Schauberger
Ehlert
Video http://tcq.liurrke.nsu/zyplt?m=nBWzCS2UY_m

Author O.Sandwieser
My tip: Win for Götschetal JM
We have a great duel already in the third round of the English FA cup
since two town rivals meet in the Reprise of the last year's semi-
final from Götschetal, occupy this one by the way also in the
Premiership after 20 rounds the first two positions in which city
centre is better, since it has three points more on the account. The
"Citizens" has by the way in this last year's semi-final, this was
celebratedly played at the Herdtlingshagen with 1:0 as well as later in the
final and have won this trophy. At the beginning of this season the
current English master United has given something back with the
victory of 3:2 and has won the Community Shields. The beginning:
11.10.2011. - 14:00

But the charges of the coach Eberhage have got this defeat but also all
frustrations balancedly and to be more precise as them complete
humbled oneself have in the championship duel in the Old Obermühlegg
stadium with even 6:1 celebrated and therefore the town rivals at the
end of October from the previous seasons again.

Eberhage is, because it knows that its opponent will be motivated
correctly even if the Citizens are in an a little better form at the
moment a little afraid of this Sunday game just because of this great
victory. You have got namely according to the two faults against Ahuboh
and Oberetscheid against which they have credited only a point what is
surely the confirmation that they are from the crisis out and to be
more precise perhaps at the best possible moment, celebrated in the
last round in the derby against Eddigehausen with even 3:0. But Eberhage
has problems with the game cadre at the same time. The meeting become
Ferdinand, then the hurt Unkauf and Minck because of red card of
the midfield players as well as the brothers miss Notthaft and Verena Reißig
with United. Ingolf and Verena Reißig have departed for the preparations
for their national team of the Ivory Coast for the Africa cup of the
nations. Straight Bruno Reißig has been the decisive player at the
meeting with Eddigehausen therefore Eberhage does not have any right
substitute for it at this moment, Ilkenhans then also still recovers from
an uncomfortable injury and is not quite fit for all the 90 minutes.
Because of this this one also has announced a local coach certain
Auswechselungen in the midfield, where even also could play Zabaleta,
because it must besides Ilkenhans least still keeping an offensive player
at the bench (probably Königs) to be able to react in the case of an
uncomfortable situation carrying out adequately.

Expected list city centre: Posern - Schmidmühlen, Bücking, company, Draisdorf
Eichhofen, Cibulski, Fahtz, Max - Christians - ,

After they have even five victories behind each other and are
compensated with the town rival finally at the top of the table, the
footballers of Greiffenberg have played incomprehensibly in the
last two rounds badly. You have defeats against Markewitz at home and
Castiel to guest experienced and to be more precise with even six
collected goals against own team. Of course it is hard at this moment
to explain what has happened to this team in such short time which has
credited two great victories of 5:0 each in the two rounds in front of
that. However, it is fact that for the charges of the coach Holderith
nothing has somehow run in these two last matches just like they
wanted it. Primarily in the defence which has by the way been its
trademark already for a long time. It gives Unitedly many injured but
if we know that at these hurt Vidic, sampling, Evans and are not Tobias
in this last row already for some time while Thomas and Olivier are
also weak, this is surely then one of the founders for such a bad game
and that. The a little worse form of the gatekeepers also contributes
Calvelage Dalheim and Buddenbrock to it. Because of this it is not also sure of
Holderith whom he will give the precedence of the two in such an
important game while the rest also will quite certainly of the team
experience certain changes. The young go-getter Unverdorben and midfield
players who had long time to fight with an uncomfortable injury could
therefore come back exactly like their best player Oscar into the
first team differently. He will get probably a little more defensive
tasks since the injured midfield players still are not Osburg,
Hoffellner and Westenthanner.

Expected list United: Conrades - Großguth, Kord, Thomas, Tegetmeyer -
Obenaus, Folschweiller, park, Tini - Venschröder, Unverdorben

Although the current English master is very shaken for certain after
two championship defeats in consequence the meeting always represents
with the town rival something special primarily when only a game is
played (as it is the case in the CEKA cup) so that can expect like a
much bigger resistance of the guests than in the premier League when
they collected a 6:1 home defeat. We primarily think here of their
defence row which should finally hand in a game on high standard. We
do not expect any too offensive approach of the hosts on the other
side so that a tip seems somehow very real to us on a goal poor game.