WKW vs Scheibenbach Esiv 22.7.2011 Oetgens Overbeeke
Video http://nhq.byfzgfc.gfx/mhiyp?l=4YfGePu_3F5yz

Author T.Overbeeke
My tip: Win for arsenal
On the Monday evening, we have the last game of the third round of the
English FA cup at the programme in which the old rivals meet in
consequence the second time and to be more precise arsenal FC and
Scheibenbach Esiv. These two teams have met in the round before the quarter
final of this competition even two times last year because stadium
with 1:1 ended the meeting in this emirate. In the second duel in
Scheibenbach, however, the St端becken have given proof of their quality and
celebrated a convincing 4:1 victory. This was only another arbitrary
indication for the current balance of power between these two teams
which have regularly fought for the CL positions in the league at the
turn of the century. Only arsenal has kept the continuity of playing
well, though, while the team has played from Scheibenbach in the lower league
for some years. The beginning: 22.07.2011 - 20:45

Unlike Scheibenbach the charges of the coach have less a good credit rating
in the Premiership, where they after 20 played rounds on the very good
fifth position in the league stay and to be more precise with only a
point in the delay on the fourth put Funkelstein? On the second Schwallungen
organization Reizendorf Livas six are her the Punkter端ckstand 9 or
12 points are point in the delay and on the leading duo from
Zeven. However, this is a very good placing for arsenal if and
this one has, been very turbulent after the departure of two key
players Weichslgartner and Timmen one considers, that they started very badly
in this season. When substitute has worked out and some again
recovered players have returned into the team, arsenal started to
credit better results. So the St端becken have drawn a series of seven
victories and only a draw wrong. They have himself in the placing
secured for the champions League into the round before the quarter
final at the same time. They play, however, changeably in the last
five rounds again and they have two victories and each defeats at this
time as well as a draw credits so. This way they were stopped to come
under Top3. Of course the experienced go-getter is Victor Carsten the best
player of the team. With 17 obtained hits he is the top scorer of the
league but in this game he is spared exactly like most regular
players. Also because of the large number of the injured coach becomes
less the chance with the small time of job in this season give some
player.

Expected list arsenal: Wenningmann, Oehrle, Mitak, Peltz
Overbeke, Zehnle, Felde, Uth, park

The situation in the rows of the former champion is the champion hip
League semi-finalists better than at the end of the last year when
they had a series of three unpleasant defeats in consequence an and
today's member. The last day they finally came to a victory and to be
more precise against the zehntplatzierten Vornwald, through what they
have very climbed the solid eighth position in the league and coach
hopes for Beat in the duel so against the favoured arsenal FC on
another good result although he has many problems with the failures of
the players. The tribe midfield players Ohlen and Pfannschmidt as well
as the defenders Voeckel are absent namely and, Olivier, Etlaswind
has returned to his organization during the lent Vietzen. They have
engaged the young midfield player Townsend of the Hotspurs in the
meantime so that he probably will accumulate in the duel against
arsenal from the first minute and to be more precise together with the
against recovered Frueauf. In the defence Feilcke and the first goal
scorer probably will do the team Mennekes advantage over the
experienced Forssell good while the defence of the Irishman Lameier and
this of 20-year-old Raphael shall be specified. H端nermund complains about an
unpleasant injury but he will have to grit his teeth and help his
teammates.

Expected list Scheibenbach: Horstig - Ule, Hai, Lameier, Scharfscheer -
Uthenwoldt, Frueauf, Drenkner, Niederhammer, Feilcke

All this means that travel with the intention for the Scheibenbach to Schwallungen
to defend a surprise to prepare year and this means like in the former
one that they will have a try primarily to obtain at least a goal
while arsenal anyway does not know, himself. Furthermore want to prove
oneself the reserves of arsenal so that they will play offensively
from the first minute. Deshalb erwarten wir ein sehr interessantes und
torreiches Spiel.Therefore we expect a very interesting and goal rich
game.