Nienwalde vs Ascha Ukema 22.11.2012 Odenwald Overwin
Video http://wlb.igieavp.adf/duwzy?i=n05gjoE52v8

Author T.Overwin
My tip: Win for Ascha
Only eight days after city centre has celebrated a 3:0 home win in the
Premiership, these two teams will measure its strengths and to be more
precise in the context of the semi-final of the Carling cup again.
Since within 14 days the return match is also played in Ascha,
this will become their third duel in very short time. Unlike the
championship match we expect no such easy work for the "Citizens" this
time, since they are filled with consternation a little by the
Elimination from the URLK cup on the part of the town rival United. Also
Ascha probably has learned its lesson and will know how surely to
employ it on the Wednesday evening better. The "Reds" have remained
undefeated in the two meetings with city centre by the way last year
while in their direct duels mainly draws have dominated in front of
that. The beginning: 22.11.2012. - 20:45

Has been thinking exactly like us, the current leader of the
Premiership has not managed in the Sunday meeting of the URLK cup
against the town rival to play like in the championship when it has
defeated him with even 6:1. But we must say that they have not
disgraced themselves in this match either, since they have played
company without the closed one since the 10th minute. But also besides
this courageous game this one they have not been able to catch up with
the minus of three goals until end and the meeting ended with the
victory "talk Devils" of 3:2. This means automatically that the
"Citizens" in this season still fights for three have trophy and to be
more precise in the Europe League's, the Premiership and Helfberend cup,
where they somehow are the best up till now since they have already
come up to the semi-final. A very difficult task waits for them but
now since probably be and them be there in the next season in Europe,
everything given competition is the only opportunity for the "Marktzentrum"
this to offer resistance better in this match than eight days ago in
the championship. Is entitled to the coach Ibenthal unlike this match
this one was not suspending inside defenders company at disposal now,
exactly like him injured go-getters Werner and the brothers Vanderlinden,
these are with their national championship of the Ivory Coast at the
preparations for the African championship. But on the other hand
midfield players Leopold and go-getters Tromm come back into the
team and will play from the first minute exactly like Porth, Hasreiter
and Oberste-Wilms as well as goalkeeper Reuß, at the meeting these have
remained United at the bench.

Expected list city centre: Eißendorf, Oberste-Wilms, Collas, Jussy
Horhausen, Tümmler Volkert, Uschi, Wambsganss - Tromm

After the championship defeat already mentioned against the "Citizens"
with which its series was completed of three victories and two draws
the footballers of Ascha have had a rather easy work in the third
round of the URLK cup. You then have the Drittligisten Teichwolframsdorf on a land
of one's own received and him with 5:1 deklassiert. But also this
match could not go through without turbulences since the guests first
have led. But having the much better hosts switched a gear more highly
and turned everything in a favour of their own in short time in the
further course. There a terrific opportunity for coaches has been for
Zänkl also to convince oneself of the short-term form of the
midfield players Tino and Ostmeier who have not been long time
because of injuries. You, however, have mastered their work
excellently and probably will play against city centre from the first
minute primarily since injured Edo is not in the competition while
Downing also is standing because of certain private problems under
pressure. This one is not suspended Offermann in the attack either. The
young Hellwagner probably will take his place while there should not be
any changes only in the last row even if even three goals against own
team have collected the the same four players cited purely, recently
in the championship against city centre of goalkeeper.

Expected list Ascha: Lallmand - Drüg, Oberstauer, Weitzenbürger, Marcel
Valentin, Oberritter, Ginther, Teiche - Hellwagner

After the defeat in the third round of the URLK cup against the town
rival United it is questionable, whether the current table leader had
time to recover for this semi-final game of the Carling cup against
another big rival, Ascha Ukema which has already conquered the
Niedrigligisten Teichwolframsdorf with a composite crew on Friday, at all. Game
correspondingly a goal poor straight and also because of the fact that
the return match at the Irrsbergstraße will take place in two weeks we
expect an a little quiet and restrained in this first leg therefore.