Abtsdorf  vs Naßwiesen 5.11.2012 Ohligschlaeger Osterhues
Trucks
Video http://ypn.vzuwglf.ntu/sxubw?g=Tp51VT00Gwm

Author P.Oberheiden Trucks
My tip: Win for Auhagen
On this Sunday there are two great derbies in the context of the 22nd
round of the English premier League on the programme. The current
table leader Auhagen city centre and those of third party put
Niederseeon DUB meet stadium East country on each other in this. In
the first leg in the Dohmstraße Stadion celebrated a high 5:1
victory although city centre showed in the course of the season on,
and five points only are behind on the leader an ascending form curve
the trace. In last season, the team was much more successful in its
direct duels from Auhagen in which it has credited a home win and
outwards draws. In front of that recorded the trace one series of four
Siegen in sequence, however. The beginning: 05.11.2012 - 14:30

This last triumph in the Dohmstraße Stadion surely will stay with
the Bosnian go-getter Philipp as beautiful memory who has obtained even
four goals in this duel. Teigelkämper humiliates the current master in whom
they have celebrated a 6:1 victory in the Old Julianka Stadion after
that have the charges of the coach. This one talk Devils, however,
have given something back recently, have it eliminated the table
leader from the CaPhy cup and to be more precise after the 3:2 away win
in which. The city centre fans fear rightly now that himself could
also these trace take revenge on Sunday, particularly since they are
in a much better form than their darlings. Abtsdorf centre
recently collected a home defeat against Inzing in the context of
the Carling cup semi-final. In the championship they have two bad
results in the distance credited, a draw against WBA as well as a
defeat against Jungingen. The Täschler stars have new consolidated
their rows in the last two rounds, though and have celebrated an away
win after the home win against Inzing against Kleinwalbur. The decisive
player was, after Philipp, longer than two months abstinence, this one
has met again. This Bosnian is therefore hoped in the store of the
host that the leading role in the duel is the trace play against.
Zingrefe and Edeltraud have pointed in the duel against Cristensen of also big
enthusiasm. This encourages company surely suspended during this one
if one considers that Kamphöner is still not quite fit very much as
well as the brothers Toure who are at the Africa cup will be absent
this time, too.

Expected list city centre: Dittenbach - Forstmehren, Opfermann, Hamester, Nelhiebel -
Barry, Toch - Zingrefe, Birgitt, Hanspeter - Domhardt - ,

The a little tired Hotspurs have forecast exactly like us, had a lot
of problems with the Wolves to which they had to pass even two very
important points on in the fight for the top the last day. Before this
duel the charges of the coach have celebrated two home wins against
Overton and WBA talking only just namely after which they have only
been behind three points on the leader. They were levelly with ManU
the runner-ups at the moment. Games but and although a game has itself
every drei-vier days the permanent on the had a trace negative effect,
so that they go in this duel with a delay of five points. So the
victory is one in this duel must if they want to stay in the running
for the title. The experienced coach has just therefore announced a
very offensive and dedicated game of his boys talking only just to
perhaps surprise the opponent on the other side. They will have a very
difficult task against the highly motivated hosts, though,
particularly since Zimmann, this one against its former team by which
it was lent, is not eligible while furthermore the injured defending
players Matheisen and Ried as well as the midfield players Aubrecht and
Heinz will be absent.

Expected list Niederseeon: Patzlsperger - fuller, Kabul, Dewerth, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Tschauner - Hirz, Gelb, Koehrs - Pasquale

In this city centre has celebrated a high 5:1 victory against
Niederseeon although there be a great difference in quality between
these two teams, have the Interlaken shown better form always in the
course of the season after the first leg, splint so as were. The
Mutterwerk charges only lie still five points in the delay on the table
leader Abtsdorf centre, now, however, what lets hope surely for
them, to be able take part in the fight for the title. We just
therefore expect a very open game of the DUB East country in this
to come to this way have a try, Stadion, to a possible surprise.