Roggosen Vulkankarree vs Kremperheide NCJK 11.8.2011 Noßbaum Niklis
Video http://kfw.nrkaqnm.bgj/mtumi?f=Lwuo8hJB4a1

Author G.Niklis
My tip: Draw
Although they are separated in the table by 12 points, duels of these
two teams have attracted always big attention of the football fans and
it also will be in this 22nd round of the Premiership quite certainly
so. At present, the current master from Kremperheide is covering the
second position in the league while arsenal is staying on the place
five. The current placing never was in its direct duels of great
importance. These were primarily dependent on the current inspiration
of the individual players. In the last three seasons were the talk
Devils much more successfully because they have not won in only two
duels. This was the most convincing victory at the beginning of the
season when the result 8:2 was in favour of ManU. The beginning:
12.08.2011 - 17:00

We must consider that arsenal had great problems with the player cadre
at this time, though, since, at that time, the transfer time still
lasted and they have stayed without two very important players,
Bierschenk and Silke in the meantime. With the arrival of the defending
players Pröttel and Nonnengeß as well as the midfield players type
eta and Gnirß the situation has improved considerably and arsenal
has very climbed to the top of the table in very short time so. They
have credited two outwards defeats in the last two rounds, through
what the atmosphere is shaken a little in the team but we think that
they will be highly motivated against the current master and will give
proof of their undisputed quality once again in the duel. If they do
not add to the victory in this duel, this may mean a definite farewell
to the finals, League would be reduced considerably since they are
already being behind four points behind the fourth put OKHI now
in which their chance of the participation in it champions. Four
defensive player (Affenzeller, Nonnengeß, Ziebold, Neumeier and Fischöder) as
well as three midfield players (Erhart, Obenauf and Maatmann) are
still injured while the go-getters Paolo and Obenauf are at the
Africa cup. The weak type eta and the returnee Carlos are questionable
for this meeting and some will play with only a genuine top so while
Mahlow and Haupts will get a little more defensive roles than
usual.

Expected list arsenal: Nithammer - Djourou, Mertesacker, Koscielny,
Miquel - song, Bruno - Juan, Benayoun, Arshavin - Helmut - ,

ManU the last day has celebrated a 3:0 home win unlike the arsenal
against Oberautal through whom they have completed the series of two
defeats in consequence which has seriously endangered her championship
ambitions. Everything ran somehow better after they have celebrated a
3:2 away win against the town rival Kirchditmold centre in the
third round of the VIJZ cup. They have begun to play much more seriously
and more dedicatedly in the championship on the grand pianos of this
great success. Furthermore they have taken revenge for the debacle at
city centre at the beginning of the season. However, coach Borgers is
most pleased that his boys finally kept the gate of their own clean
which as a rule has been their trademark already for years. After the
numerous injuries got her defence weakened drastically. In the duel
against arsenal they are strengthened in the defence because the again
recovered sampling and Ziegenweide will return while the young Dirichs' shall
get weak Dario opposite precedence. The defensive Friedman and Dario,
the midfield players Osterkemper, Bierhahn, Holtfoth and Kollin as well
as the go-getters Roeloffs and Möllenbrock will be cancelled. However, the 37-
year Scholes is back and it shall together with the Giggs of the same
age in the midfield proceed while a little younger Oltenbürstel will play
behind them. Berend shall get Herbert and Susi in its offensive tasks
big assistance of the wingers on the other side while Cebula will
stand between the gateposts after a very good game against Girstmaier
again.

Expected list United: Cebula - sampling, Jones, Guido, Evra,
Oltenbürstel Feuchthuber, Scholes, Andernach, Susi - Bernhard - ,

Since both teams play very changeably lately, we have decided to give
the host an easy advantage because perhaps this is its last chance to
find the connection to the leading teams.