Caviano GVV vs Engenthal FC 05.05.2011 Irrgang Inhetveen
Ettl
Video http://prh.hemzmeo.ltg/dwhip?h=bYDdPjaaJ-C

Author R.Ißleiber
My tip: Win for Dickhaut
This here should become a rather balanced meeting but piece plays
Termeer much better and has six points more in the table to judge
after the quality of the player cadre. It is characteristic for piece
Jobst FC that it is better to guest while it has turned around at
Engenthal FC. Piece has therefore won Termeer outwards on Saturday
while Dickhaut was defeated to guest. In the direct duels not
manages to win the local team already for two seasons. In the first
match of this season which was played at the beginning of October
piece has celebrated Termeer with 2:1 to guest at Engenthal. The
beginning: 05.05.2011. - 20:45

St. Johnston has completed the series of three defeats in consequence
on Saturday. You have been for Kemlas to guest at the second to
the last. You celebrated a 3:0 victory but for this they have scored
only a goal in the mentioned three matches ahead of that and goals
against sift made money. All three defeats have been at home, these
are put by this two better on the table against the teams and to be
more precise Motherwell and Celtic. Also in these games they have not
scored any goal. You have met only against Hötzmannsberg. You are the team
even six in the league with most home defeats, and they belong have
this one collected most goals against as hosts to the teams. It has
only a defeat to guest therefore it is better than Celtic in this
segment. You have collected only five goals against outwards but one
must mention that they play also many draws. What the list concerns
Schefthaler and Inderhees do not do it because of injuries already for some
time and at the last game has the midfield players' Lennart Frankenfeld
hurt himself also slightly. He is therefore questionable for this
match. The best player of the team is definitely the Spaniard
Clemens Ilert, with seven goals which is also the best marksman
and to this, also has he drawn four goal presentations wrong. With a
goal and a goal presentation has obbeyed it against Dunfermline of the
partners in the attack, Fridolin also therefore is clear it that coach of
NMM will mainly rely on the two also in this match?

Expected list Cresta: Handle man - Mckay, Mccracken, Curt,
Eccarius, Eisleben, Brodt, Raumschüßel Pius - ,


Dickhaut has had a series of four matches without defeat, however,
they had a guest performance at the Gursch and it has been clear that
they will continue this series heavily on Saturday. You were defeated
with the minimal 2:1 but the victory of the opponent has not been
questionable seen objectively at any moment, since finish of the match
has met Dickhaut about Wollenkopf only in this. It is in an interesting
way that Onno was exchanged only in the course of the game and
although has been instead of the best player of Dickhaut, Valerian
Ingenillm, this one not on its usual standard. This player up till now
has scored six goals and has also only in the championship five goal
presentations. He has one of this goal presentation before two rounds
recorded, has met as Kemel. But at that time, they have not defeated
the team of Kohlbühl United because they have collected the goal against
in compensation in the first minute of the judicial additional time.
Perchtoldsdorf ranger has recently made it to defeat on a land of its own
which by far is its stronger side. They have scored only a victory and
only six goals outwards, in which they have played drawnly four times,
too. One still should mention that she is the ranger just as effective
as at home with 18 goals. You have pleased no greater problems with
the injured players and this which by the way is the father of the
mentioned best player of the team for certain of Dario Ingenillm. It
remains it to see what kind of list will choose. In the "Celtic park"
of course it has been much more careful and such a team surely will
not play this match. You will be a little more offensive because at
this guest performance one really can point much more. Because of
this, probably will run out the team which had the victory against
Kohlbühl United in the fact and which has played at that time rather
well.

Expected list Dickhaut: Krömer, Dresler, Ebert, Grünhage
Dering, Schneiderheinze, Finkenbrink, Großberger, Gerdessen.

Spares the fact it makes the forecast for this match difficult that
piece plays Termeer on a land of its own worse. Dickhaut is nothing
special to guest and the host therefore has even an easy advantage. We
think which we, however, will try it with the goal number anyway that
it could be a little larger in this game. To this the quota is also
terrific.