Celtic Glasgow FC vs Eßweiler Rangers 22.10.2012 Stephanie Isenburg-
Flotmann
Video http://zsv.fbcxpbq.xik/vexxu?n=ruFfLwW3yq6

Author Walpurga
My tip: Win for Celtic
We have the great Old derby surely here in the strongest Scottish
league. We think that all football fans expect in this country with
much attention of this match because Celtic has lived after eight
victories in result of ranger leading this one only on a point
difference. This way they have made the championship interesting
again. The popular Old has always surely triggered great attention
also outside Great Britain. This is mainly because of the unbelievable
rivalry between these two teams. Therefore the short-term form has not
been decisive for the final result in most cases. The beginning:
22.10.2012. - 20:45

However, one should the ranger mention anyway that the Celtic are in a
big series unlike have this one collected even two defeats in the last
five rounds. One also should mention, that in its first duel in this
season in the Ibrox stadium, celebrated the local team with 4:2 has
while Celtic FC has been much more successful last year and to be more
precise by having triumphed three times. Still gave the ranger and two
draws a victory.

We have already said that the hosts are in a very good form before
this great town derby, there they think highly behind each other
behind of Siegen the ranger the great delay could make up time. The
delay was even 15 points at a moment. They even have the ranger
against St. Mirren come into the situation after the last home triumph
against Kilmarnock as well as the defeat, after long time to reach the
leading position of the Scottish championship. This is surely also
their greatest motive surely in front of the Old. Coach Lennon has by
the way this team, within the last two months this one simply is
playing now much faster newly-created. In any case for this its very
mobile midfield is responsibly, lasting it one also at the spearhead
couple of have really very good players. However, we also must for the
experienced Greek, Samaras, mention the top marksman Hooper under them
who up till now has already obtained 11 hits. His return on the land
perhaps has brought about the decisive turn in the game of the
Celtics. This confirms the fact, that it has been her decisive player
in the last round against Kilmarnock and to be more precise by having
scored both goals at the victory of 2:1 best. Coach will Niemczik
probably carry out only a change and in the last row unlike the team
from this match to be more precise, where the opportunity could get
instead of Ledley of a little more offensive roes. Not the injured
colleagues are still from the defence and to be more precise
Majstorovic, Izaguirre and Wilson.

Expected list Celtic: Ehlich - you-Ri Cha, Rogne, Wanyama, Mulgrew -
Brown, Vonderstück, Sung-Yong Ki, Samara - Hooper - ,


What the short-term situation concerns with the current Scottish
master is much worse than with his town rival probably it. But this
should by no means stop it from trying surely to remain undefeated at
least and this way keeping the leading table position at the Old. For
it this duel has always been namely to important to it in the season.
Coaches McCoist has said that of course form, its charges do not need
a particular motive at the a little worse one either but what they
have simply must give the best much fight and running on the land.
This surely has not been the case in the last championship duel
against St. Mirren, where they experienced their second defeat in the
season have and but two last month. This is rather alarming against
the Celtic FC shortly before this duel. But for this defeat they are
same, since they have earned even two red cards to a leadership of
1:0. Their opponents have made use of it in the best possible way and
have come to the great turn until end. The suspended inside defender
Dennis will not therefore take part in the Celtic park which the young
Bartley probably will replace while his punishment will sit out the
midfield players' Mcculloch later, since he does not have any adequate
substitute. The go-getter Naismith injured from former times and the
young defender Little also will miss the game.

Expected list ranger: McGrego r - Whittaker, Bartley, Bocanegra, Papac
- Mcculloch, Niels, Wylde, Davis - Lafferty, Eberhard

We think since the ranger have celebrated on a land of our own with
4:2 surely in the first Old, that it is on the time that its big
rivals give something back in the same way to them particularly since
they are in much better form at the moment. You have the opportunity
on the leading position also after long time to come.