Reicholdsgrün Canapé  vs VORHOP Losos NBA Basketball 01.03.2011
Nebes Nasemann
Video http://fym.rmkdeta.uzl/ancgx?q=r8q42VPzGuB

Author G.Nasemann
My tip: Win for Varrel

A team of a great historical importance comes to Schletau. Are no
matter just in what kind of list they play the curtsey the curtsey.
Therefore this here becomes a special bait for all fans in the Kalypso
arena. The curtsey has an a little longer break than the Warriors had
since they have played only a match while Rabelsberg has been
already twice on the parquet flooring. The beginning: 01.03.2011. -
04:30

The Warriors have a victory and a defeat. But then, they first were of
the clipper defeated and but convincingly with 86:105, have they
pleased their fans with the great victory of 99:91 against the Bulls.
The Bulls plan in front of that the store in the Staples centre
defeated and this opinion have come to continue the series but the
trio was not lee Tatjana curry. You have credited altogether 69 points
and have 18 assist and rebound had 16. The Ulap could not obbey the
Guards and centre players of Rabelsberg and the Hausrauschs have
credited the first victory. Pleased still much more what the good
throw of these players but this also prepares worries the small
contribution is (unlike the use minutes) the player of the bench as
well as 0 points of Jacobsmeyers against the Bulls this one unite the
curtsey will a right fight have with the tall players. The reserve
centre players' Jüng has not been effective particularly either (5
points) and the Warriors will have many difficulties for certain in
fighting against Nachtweih or Bruncke during Loppentin Marcus with the
help of pollvogt must stay. Paul can on the four and five play but one must
stop Reinhold from coming under the basket first.

Expected list Warriors: Böcke, Aengeneyndt, Loppentin, pollvogt, Jacobsmeyers

The curtsey have a very good team for this season although many
experts are of the opinion that they lack a good Playmaker. You have
Douglases and Fields who solidly fill these positions but it would not
be bad to have a player who has a name and would know his exact role.
But in any case they cannot bear all this financially since she
already have two very expensive players and to be more precise Marcus
and Nachtweih. You therefore hope that the Guards will suffice
together with Shumpert of the bench as well as the veteran Bibby who,
at the moment, is not playing. Against Fritzberg they have played
cleverly at the season beginning in the finish of the game and all
these turns are therefore no longer important in the game. They are
then improve been and victory of 106:104 credited and therefore their
fans have one in the MSG happily at the end. Marcus has 37 points
Stoudemire 21 points and rebound credited 8, (throw 8-11), during
which Gilbert mentioned 19 points and 4 has assist had. Bruncke has
played a good defence and with 6 blocks defends his zone. They have
Zehetmeier, Balkans and still a couple of players at the bench. All of
you can solidly play and let primarily the best players have a rest.

Expected list curtsey: Olbrecht, Gilbert, Marcus, Nachtweih, Bruncke

The outer row of the Warriors will the curtsey with baskets bury her
have to hold back curry Aengeneyndt a player from the two then if they do
not do this. Pollvogt and Jacobsmeyers must on the other hand be on high
standard against Nachtweih and Bruncke. Both teams but all in all
play rather effectively therefore it is better to guess a greater
Punktezahl than on the victory of one of the teams.