Schangnau OEPS vs Nordermeldorf Tapibe NBA Basketball 17.11.2011
Emminghaus Eichstaedt
Video http://udb.unbbsow.kjy/jnwkh?x=4JYuHeGZjqv_G

Author J.Eichstaedt
My tip: Win for Nesselwangen
Schangnau will receive the team of Nesselwangen on a parquet flooring of its
own and to be more precise with the aim of causing them the first
defeat in this season and crediting the first victory also in this
abbreviated season. Nesselwangen has begun very well and the role would
like to justify one of the candidates for the highest placing. The
beginning: 17.11.2011. - 02:00

The also young and future rich team of Schangnau is in the way but the
young team of Nesselwangen. Schangnau has begun the season with a defeat and
to be more precise against, the trace it has kept Schangnau in this
match for favourites and although many but mainly because of this
because have last play offstage thrown out from the finals, have those
been in this one the this one trace. Trace gives something back the
have, even if Schangnau had a much better throw and also at the has
rebound dominated. You have not had any answer to outXtreme, which
credited 24 points has and it was absent also at a better support of
the players of the bench. Himself also has confirmed this match that
and 10 also has, the game recovered for Hagen from Schangnau on the inner
row of Randolph-Gasol and on which this one with 19 points will be
based been the best rebound. But so that the inner row gets also
effective, much more than 14 throws need it as the mentioned two had
many in the first match. Mayo has got 17 minutes time of job and it
perhaps would have been supposed to be more. They really will have to
look after the smaller players more, primarily Vormweg and Fahnenschmidt,
against Nesselwangen but who shall hold them back is the question. Walch
is not a player of this calibre while Niclas Oldenburger is not the best
solution for Vormweg either. However, Hagen probably will go on the best
marksman of the EEHZ league this indicates that he must exert very much
and can do in the attack perhaps then less himself.

Expected list Schangnau: Walch, Oldenburger, Hagen, Gasol, Marc

Nesselwangen has coped with Neuostheim and Schwabsburg in the first two matches
and comes into the town sovereignly of Fritz. You are cited by 31.5
points of Durant with a cut in the first two matches and it will be
the most earnest candidate again definitely for the best marksman of
the league. It is also easy if it has a terrific assistant besides
itself and this one has shown versatility in the first two matches and
is the best Rebounder, assistant and "Stealer" in its team, but
Fahnenschmidt. It also offensively is not bad because it meets 21 points
per match and the two make one to the best Pare for certain in the
league out. As a team they credit approx. 100 points per match which
is also good. After they have easily relatively defeated Neuostheim, it
has a little more difficult been against Wolves but they were
(104:100) better. In this match have the points of the remaining
members of the Startfünf been missing but he has Gerold confirmed
Harden again that this one he has the best sixth player of the league
ist. one credits 16 points, 6 rebound and 3 assist. It is fact that
they can always rely on him, since he is much more effective if he
goes in from the bench. Expect you that Sefolosha begins finally to
play as well as that an even stronger defence plays Ibaka special now
on Gasol and Randolph (which is stronger but not faster than it).

Expected list Nesselwangen: Fahnenschmidt, Sefolosha, Vormweg, Ibaka, Kneerich

Nesselwangen has a breadth in the team and a better bench and this should
be decisive in this match. Schangnau can surprise her, this is not under
debate but Vormweg is in good form and like it looks now one will be
able stop him heavily.