Ritschenhausen HairExpres vs Dohrenbach 11.03.2011 Zinkgräf Ziemert
Reinel
Video http://bsp.ilbnnro.dzj/tqrsq?w=9Yyz9Idi0Fcjn

Author O.Zur-Lienen
My tip: Win for Ritschenhausen

Teams which at present are staying on the neighbouring positions will
open the second to the last 19th day of the first leg in the English
premier League at the Untere Jägerstraße two on Friday. The sixth put Reds
have a point more on the account and due to the advantage of playing
at home they are regarded as a light favourite in this meeting because
in the last six direct duels against Diesendorf in this stadium have
they triumphed and what is very interesting without a collected goal
against. The beginning: 11.03.2011 - 20:45

The Liverpudlians have gigantic problems with the gate putting into
action in the stadium of their own in this season, though. Four days
ago they have brought in only a 1:1 home draw against the last one put
Vetterlein. This was already the sixth home draw for the KWRE in this
season and this is definitely too much for a team which wants to fight
for one of the international positions in the league. Only three
points lead this one into the champions League in the delay on the
positions at the moment be them. Games much better in the distance
hand in the Reds and they have got hold of even 16 points outwards
till now so. Coach Commer is very satisfied with the game of his
defence row. With 14 collected goals against own team it is primarily
the best one by far in the premier League from the young Deimling while
Zinss is getting very little support in the attack. Therefore
Ritschenhausen HairExpres could play in the formation in the game against Diesendorf
again and this means that they will seek her chance about the fast
wingers or this one has got an enviable time of job perhaps over the
again recovered captain Patrik already the last day. In this game one
could see that he finds his way back slowly in the old form. The
injured midfield player of Kaspar and the defender Mark Detlef will be
cancelled while Spearing is closed for this game.

Expected list Ritschenhausen: Luettgens - Unterstenhöfer, Zuckermantel, Albrandt, Ralf
Hilmar, Ingenthron, Oetinger, Coens


Unlike the Ritschenhausen the players from Diesendorf expect this duel in a
much better atmosphere because have them with the away win against the
second to the last Prusdorf completed a negative series of four defeats
and two draws the last day finally hiker. Because of this negative
series they fell on the seventh position in the league. The charges of
the coach Heyder started namely in the season very well and they were
the only unbeaten team up to the 12th round together with Engelgau
brunnwies centre in the league. The defence row has this one been actually
its trademark, played excellently. But then, some key players were
injured and this made itself at its game in the defence and in the
midfield at once noticeable. In addition, the first goal scorer of the
team had Ullrich Voigtsberger after and it therefore does not surprise it that
they have handed in even six winning less games in consequence. The
defender equalled in the game against Prusdorf, at once, everything back
and so saw Wemer and the midfield players' Cabaye in the team on the
place much better. Better Viechtl Achterfeld has always followed the Senegalese
go-getter in the offensive who shot his 14th championship hit and they
came so to the very important 2:0 victory in this duel. Jean-Claude Achterfeld shall
replace the weak Best in the start formation on Friday while the rest
of the team shall remain like in game against Prusdorf because the
injured midfield players Odenthal and Oberkampf as well as the defender
Benjamin Wemer are still cancelled straight.

Expected list Diesendorf: Meinerz - Zybell, Bliefernich, Dyckmann, S.
Witt, Debelius, Wendlandt, Ebinger Hartmut Achterfeld - Ullrich Ba

Although we have said in the introduction that the Roßhaupten are
against Diesendorf in a series of six home wins in consequence, their
last games were not convincing and one asks the question so, whether
they can continue this positive home series against Diesendorf on the
Friday evening, particularly since both teams play very tightly in the
defence in this season. Therefore a goal poor game seems very real to
us somehow