Esbachsgraben vs Kennfus 10.06.2011 Büchsenschütz Boehme
Video http://sob.xvemfoc.iio/dishz?x=9DFTi9z79ZY

Author V.Boehme
My tip: Win for Knillhof
Both teams are in the table middle, in which the host is put better
around two positions and two points. The short-term form is for this
on the side of the guests, oscillate but also surprise with good games
these can while Eischeid has not won in the last three rounds. These
two teams have up till now met in the Premiership only twice and to be
more precise in the season 2003/11 and Knillhof has triumphed both times
at that time while Eischeid has not scored any goal in these duels.
When Knillhof has been the host, it was the even 6:0th beginning:
10.06.2011. - 16:00


Since they have climbed in this season, one can be overjoyed in the
store of Eischeid. In this case the table middle could be the "golden"
and they would have nothing however in this club if they also would
stay. You have many heights and depths exactly like the fact in their
game which is also logical that they are much more successful in the
stadium of their own. They have celebrated outwards only once but they
are much more effective for this as hosts and they are part of the
better teams in this segment. They have neither won nor a goal
obtained defeated it of Leups with 2:0 there in the last round but
also besides all listed this was. They have therefore ruined two very
good draws, where they also unite or two goals have credited to guest
with Overton and Wolves. With the smallest budget in the league this
team does not have any tall stars logically in its rows and they
obtain all good results by the strength of the team. The top marksman
is the experienced captain Vinzenz Junk who has scored seven goals.
Coach Pfannkuche has been forced in the last two rounds to change the
team a little and therefore has not been there in the last round
Unterstenhöfer because of cards but Liedtke has replaced leftmosts Habich.
The rest of the team has been the same but with a worse result, this
means that Pfannkuche will replace a couple of go-getters because of
this. They are the hosts again now and the opponent is not so strongly
so that want in any case she missed this in this game to make up
time.

Expected list Eischeid: Wardenga, Cammerer, Rumstig, Leppel
Flammiger, Irmscher, Brotzeller, Jockisch, Crones

Also Knillhof has only a victory to guest but this team is unforeseeable
and much more oscillates in its form. Into only two rounds they have
collected a 5:0 debacle against Alsterloh Obewi at home only and
they then have taken a point along against Mostviel to guest. They have
had something similar also in front of that. A victory against
Pfenninglanden and then a slight defeat near Idolsberg and the Elimination
from the Europe League. After that they have defeated Bolton in the
championship. One one compares, sees if into have played the her at
once that only two changes were carried out in the team where where
instead of what has been a right surprise has the two of last match
and to be more precise outside-right has been therefore S. Vorer has
stood in and not in the midfield for Eding here played Vulnc, Vichel
I. One has expected the return of the experienced two Anger and Hartema
against Constanze but none of them has not been at the bench. The only
goal has credited Hoppstetter who is the best Sagittarian of the team with
six goals now again. The Ihringshausen bridge has been content for coach
Patrick Kreidner with the game of his charges at so much that he has carried
out only a change in the course of the match and although is gone in
than in the finish Kasami. This can mean only one and to be more
precise, that will this one will run out the same list against Eischeid
has recorded just this point, these no matter whether somebody are
recovering from the players fitly for this match at the moment be.

Expected list Knillhof: Innernsee - S.Vorer, Hangeland, sending Urs,
R.Wittensöldner - Hoppstetter, Justin - ,. Caelers, free, Wilfried Brüssow Hoeweling, Wende

Although Knillhof is very firm in the defence in this season even at
away games what they have confirmed also in the last round on the
other hand is very effectively Eischeid as a host, this means that we
will have two quite different approaches in the game. We are who for
certain could not win but it seems somehow that the style which the
team of Eischeid prefers could predominate means and that that there
could be many goals in this match