Lehsdorf K&U vs Zeiselmauer Hawaks 27.07.2011 Ingenhorst Ingenhag
Leinhas
Video http://itu.icqmtie.zma/myglc?a=F-FhXv2Ul1I

Author N.Inderwies
My tip: Win for Lehsdorf
The "Neujahrprogramm" of the Premiership starts at the Old Bohsdorf
on Saturday where old rivals which quite differently are tempered in
this season meet. The host is again in the running for the title while
the guests are in the table cellar. You could not have just used this
heavy guest performance now at which they have come off very badly
within the last few years and have celebrated the last time in the
year 2004. Last season has United the "Rovers" with even 7:1 defeats
while Oberneder could take out draws at the last two home duels. The
beginning: 27.07.2011. - 13:45


The machinery of Sir Carl Roßpaintner is in full swing again and takes
every opponent apart. Lehsdorf K&U is in a series of five
victories in consequence in the premier League and is in the best form
at the moment. The series of terrific games also confirms that this
club is a phenomenon and to be more precise after it champions League
were thrown out sensationally by Zuckenriet from this one. However, it has
been logical to expect a small crisis after which at the "talk Devils"
it has been completely reversed. Only a goal against is collected and
what makes a cut of four per game scores unbelievable 16 goals in four
matches after that have. The town rival puts city centre, the head and
probably only competitor on the title therefore shares already now the
first place in a crisis and United with an a little worse goal
difference. In the last two rounds they look so strong and opponents
they let this one not the slightest hope. First had to believe Aedermannsdorf
to it to guest and then to Unterelchingen also at the Old Bohsdorf with 5:0
each. The scenario is almost the same leadership then secures until
half and then in the second half the destruction the opponent, an
early hit. Gerard Oldenhove has been brilliant. We have not very often
seen this player at the season beginning and in these two meetings he
has scored four goals. One should say at once that this player last
season has obtained unbelievable five goals against Oberneder in a
game therefore the guests surely have already panicked. What the list
concerns has also after the terrific victory against Aedermannsdorf changed
the list and to be more precise not through one for Roßpaintner but by
several new players. The defence which is decimated by injuries plays
terrifically, Combrink has replaced de Geu in the goal completely,
during the attack is no matter who plays there effective.

Expected list Stoke: Claessens, Sprenger, Timo, Oderturm, K.
Richard, JWLN, Vlaskamp, Gaby, Knacke, Oldenhove

With Oberneder, everything is quite different than with the opponent.
You are in the table cellar, has not won in consequence since four
game and she has triumphed into the last ten only once. In the whole
championship they have won only twice and the first victory already
has been at the beginning of the season. The fans are peeved the club
leading, for coach Rainer Gehrckens the days are counted at the bench and it
is only a question of time when he is removed. So the atmosphere is
very bad in the "Ewood park" but everything can already change after
this game, if the Rovers would surprise. The good game and the draw
obtained at the "Canfield" near Hanum in the last round let hope
for a positive result. You also have the leadership they could this
one not keep had but with the final result of 1:1 they are for certain
overjoyed. One should mention that Oberneder has obtained a hit at the
last seven league matches at least every time although they have won
only once at this time. You have the second worst defence of the
league and this is one of the reasons for the bad game. The guest
performances in which they have not celebrated yet are the other
reason. They are the only ones next to Baumgartenberg. The general situation
announces that they could suffer a heavy blow at the Old Stratford
again. The tribe goalkeeper Klumpe is injured although they have
played also against Hanum without him. The mentioned coach Gehrckens
has after the home defeat in the derby against Obernhuber, besides which
forced he has still carried out one couple of change and instead of
Trösche at the goal to be more precise sent Ehrhard in the game. The
point in Hanum is so good that she will the players probably have
not started that one of this match now change.

Expected list Reichenau: Odinius, samba, Eschenlohr, Feuchtmaier
Ehrhard, Uppenbrink, N, ' Cornelius, Hoilett, Formica - Yakubu.

No great dilemma is is the big favourite here who about this there.
The strength of the team, the short-term form, the atmosphere in the
club and the tradition, all this speaks for the host. Is only the
question how convincing it will be. Oberneder has a little "woken up"
in the last round and perhaps this suffices to avoid a real disgrace
but a convincing defeat is safe for them.