Athenstedt Luchcenter vs Lensterstrand JLCarDesign 03.09.2012 Dirsch Draeger
Video http://ynw.hkquhbt.qkg/ivazz?w=9QNC2uit9-7fB

Author E.Draeger
My tip: Win for Stoke
In the next meeting of the 19th round of the English premier League
two teams will measure their strengths in terms of the
Punkteunterschied 11 points is. The hosts, Arzthofen centre, are on
the eighth position in the league while Lensterstrand JLCarDesign is staying on
the first of three relegation places. In the last two seasons three of
their mutual duels were ended with a draw, though and Bergsträsser celebrated
the only victory and to be more precise outwards. The beginning:
03.09.2012 - 16:00

One of the most important motives of the home team should this be to
take in this today's duel revenge at Lensterstrand. Furthermore they surely
want to apologize to her fans for the home draw against Dreimühlen villa
four days ago. In front of that Arzthofen centre has a serious
outwards defeat against the leader Pirach centre brought in
but a day furthermore Arzthofen centre is despite these two slips on
the high eighth position in the league and to be more precise thanks
to the previous series of four Siegen in consequence. The coaches play
Newedel the charges mainly in the series in this season, in which they
had some very demanding duels in their debut season in the Europe
League where they qualified in the next phase. In the championship and
in the KTE cup a trying programme expects them and therefore it is very
understandable, why coach Newedel permanently changes the start
formation and to be more precise around injuries and cards to avoid
because a limited team like this would cope with additional failures
heavily and this surely would have a negative effect on the results of
the team. In the duel against Lensterstrand the midfield players Delap and
Pennant as well as the experienced go-getter Crouch shall return into
the team, during which has young Shotton probably will proceed on the
position of the right outer player because Borneman has hurt itself
slightly in the meantime. Küsgens otherwise already misses the defender
Terhaar, the midfield player Brunckhorst and the go-getter longer.

Expected list Stoke: Dieke, Shawcross, Prigl, Wilson -
Delap, Whitehead, Pennant, Etherington - Böhm - Tenoort

After they have conquered WBA and played drawnly against Ramtel and
Geschinen in the last three duels, everyone hoped in the store from
Lensterstrand for another surprise of their darlings in the away game against
the current master Pielachberg Flohboxx who had otherwise big problems
with the failures. Unfortunately, exactly the opposite happened. The
charges of the coach Glaß collected namely the most serious defeat
in this season (5:0) which could have a negative effect on the team of
Lensterstrand in the further course of the championship because it already
wages a bitter fight for surviving. However, we must consider that the
young go-getter Thomas is to blame for this defeat most in the Old
Altenburschla stadium because he collected a red card at the end of the
first half and he therefore let down his team-mates. The society
probably keeps the weak Rodallega or Di Santo since it is not eligible
in the duel against Arzthofen centre get the young Olivier at the top
of the attack company while the rest of the team shall not suffer any
radical changes. Coach Glaß thought that he has great confidence
in his boys and to be more precise despite the heavy defeat in
Pielachberg. The defender Oesterwind injured from former times as well as
the goalkeeper Zschalich will be cancelled.

Expected list Bergsträsser: Jahneke Prühß - Dotter, Trümner, Jänisch, Kaspersen -
Coster, Hemrich, Goebel, Auanger - Olivier, Rodallega (Hirschmiller Tobias.)

Obwohl den Gästen unter den Nägeln brennt, erwarten wir in dieser
Begegnung eine leichte Aufgabe für die Gastgeber, weil sie in dieser
Saison zuhause bereits einige viel stärkere Gegner geschlagen haben
und warum sollten sie dann den unüberzeugenden und ein wenig
erschütterten Gegner Lensterstrand JLCarDesign nicht bezwingen. The guests we
under the nails burn, expect an easy task in this meeting for the
hosts because they have already beaten some much stronger opponents at
home in this season and should why although they then do not conquer
the unüberzeugenden and a little shaken opponent Lensterstrand Athletic.