Ukol vs Jägersdorf Inselkaufhaus 30.07.2011 Ungruh Utermöle
Video http://fvm.trfdgcq.pbu/vbcwg?w=6BLWInijgKudQ

Author C.Utermöle
My tip: Win for Susi
At the Stuppelau bridge could the match get very interesting although
it is also clear in this case who is the favourite. Ufuh has a long
series without defeat but also a series of undecided results what this
team concerns this one a little is better than defeats particularly if
they play in the stadium of their own. Eberspaecher villa on the other hand
is in a much worse series with only a victory in seven games and no
one into the last three. The common is them the draw from the last
round. What concerns the direct duels, the results are rather
changeably and somehow very funny. It is, been in a dramatic final 3:3
last season in this stadium and the season it has been 7:1 for Susi
in front of that. The beginning: 30.07.2011. - 16:00


Susi has played warm coldly in the rhythm for a long time and they
therefore have either won or lost. Then they have found the middle in
the last three rounds and permanently play draws. You have credited
three draws in consequence and it has been 1:1 every time. But these
are not results with these one wins the title of master craftsman. One
can say already now that this wish will not be fulfilled, there she
being around great 11 points behind the duo from Utzmemmingen which they
cannot make up. Because of this they deal more with the game cadre and
the winter transfer time in which they would like to begin to arrange
a new team for the new season in the club. Perhaps this is also the
reason for the weaker results although it does not justify the
Portuguese expert on the bench's villa boas either, is not also sure
of the position. It would be very important to credit a victory and
this is a very good opportunity in view of the games of the opponent
at the guest performances. Has villa boas carried out after the draw
for the town derby against Dirnbach, certain changes in the team for
the smaller derby with Feigendorf but the result has been the same. Inside
defender Focko is back but Kirschenbaum is not because of an injury here.
Ramires, Mikel and Drogba also have not played and Verbarg, Claus Ockenga
and Peppermüller have got the opportunity. One could many say traffic,
little income and the list could in this match so similarly be
offensive time as last, in which Drogba and not Torres probably will
start.

Expected list Zessau: G.Mühlpfort, Ivo Versch, Tom, H.Matteß -
Diedrich Inderbiethen, Claus Oberhoffner, Obenland, Drogba, Mata


Eberspaecher villa has many problems in this season. You are in the table
middle but plays it very badly lately and there is ineffectively also
a lack of the victories why. You have credited a victory into seven
rounds even time and into the last three they have not obtained any
triumph and have scored only a goal. You are experts for draws at the
guest performances and they up till now hold the record with even six
draws but have played drawnly most also altogether eight times. They
have played in the last round at Siebenknie 0:0. At this game has in an
interesting way that coach has made only a change to Heiko Iselborn in
the list and to be more precise in the half, when the veteran Zängel
has come out of the game. It is very funny that a team which has go-
getters like Zängel, Bichlmair or Heckroth in its list has scored no more
goals although Bichlmair and Heckroth have obtained five each, what is
more than half of the complete goal number. Does not play Bent lately
either and Zinner also could not play because of red card in the last
round. He is coming back now into the team from which probably B.
Merzmann will be thrown out, this one has replaced him against Stoke.
The tactics will be with a go-getter therefore not be we Zängel and
only Agbonlahor will be in the foreground. Ireland should come into
the midfield again and, Bernd, Bent and goalkeeper are not Givena.

Expected list Bützler: Gaugenrieder, Mei, Angerlehner, Wienken
Haberlah, S Limbäcker, Menneken, N, ' Zogbia, Ireland - Jochbergthurn - ,

Although it sounds perhaps to ambitiös, the hosts simply need a safe
victory and it would be even better if they would obtain it without
any stress. You have credited not really the best results lately but
Eberspaecher villa does not play to guest either at all well. Therefore we
think that the "Blus" can finally convince.