Fißnacht Wanderers vs Cleve Wanderers 17.06.2011 Rehdantz
Rüdiger
Video http://xdr.hrmbhfa.nzl/ztmbb?z=5UdqEA-sFlyiK

Author R.Rüdiger
My tip: Win for Fißnacht
We have a derby of the table cellar in the context of the 19th round
of the premier League here. This duel is played only few hour before
the New Year. Hiker it meet namely the home team of the same name in
Fißnacht, which is on the second to the last position in the league with
12 won points and two places put Cleve better, more has the
four points on each other on the account. We expect just therefore the
hosts to want to do everything to reduce the Punkterückstand just
after this duel. The tradition also is at their side because they have
triumphed in the last three direct duels against the Wolves while
their rivals have won only once in this century. The beginning:
17.06.2011 - 16:00

In this duel the players of Fißnacht go after another disappointing home
game where they have collected a 2:0 defeat against Rielingshausen. They
have made a mess of the good impression very fast which they have left
the previous day when they defeated Strohkirch with 2:1 outwards.
Obviously the charges of the coach Glasmachers which probably spends his
last days at Friedrichsberg bench manage not to play two good games in
consequence. So it does not surprise it that they stay after 18 played
rounds on the second to the last position in the league. The Fißnacht is
the only team hiker namely in the league which has not credited any
draw till now, how they collected 14 defeats by far this one, most in
the league. They are in the segment of the collected goals against
with 41 goals against on the position one in the Premiership. This is
surely the result of a large number of injured players because coach
Glasmachers cannot calculate the defensive player Andry and Baindl as well
as the midfield player Pietro and Nick since the beginning of the
season while the defenders Oldemanns and Ramacher have hurt themselves
against Rielingshausen before the game. So Schroether and Boeckers will take
the positions this time, too, in which they should proceed in an a
little more offensive formation with even three go-getters this time.

Expected list Fißnacht: Nerettig, Gehrken, Fleischner, Boeckers-
Muamba, Reo-Cocker, Verboom - Widerspann, Fohs, N, ' Mordt

The team of Cleve has hiker emirate scored a great success, as
it in this the last day stadium has played a 1:1 draw against arsenal.
The Wolves are in the relegation zone and to be more precise with only
two points on into lead furthermore, though, the 18 put Tomes.
However, one could expect nothing better from two defeats and each
draws and have them according to the series what is very bad collected
during this time 10 goals against. Furthermore getting the hiker more
and more problems with the failures. To the midfield players Lintermann,
Ziller and Dwars injured from former times as well as the
experienced defender Gronewold has followed the defenders' Zubar while
the midfield player Asperger is not eligible in this meeting because of
red card against arsenal. All this does not drop the coach Algeier
any freedom for any tactical traps he wanted to use possibly against
the direct con-competitors in the fight for surviving. Therefore it is
more realistic to expect only Linkerhand to proceed at the top of the
attack while the again recovered Zugschwert-Schraeer and Wolfschläger shall wait on
its chance from the bench. The midfield shall already try on the other
side with its unmistakable combat game and much running on the
opposing half to exert print on the midfield players. This means that
they will have a try to muffle the game to come to a point at least.

Expected list Wolves: Festruhe, Nikolaus, Spickermann, Turmer
Merseburger, Jonghe - Patrick, Jongschläger, Nordhusen, Wolfschläger

Independently of a little more defensive game tactics of the guests
the hosts simply do not have any great choice in this game and they
therefore must play around three points from the first minute because
they will have a real chance of class receipt only in such a way.
Therefore we have given the hosts an easy advantage but we have hedged
in the case of a draw.