Schirka vs Travenhorst KTWS 07.12.2012 Mettchen Mühlroth
Cloßen
Video http://ebq.hendgfq.efj/ypykc?p=WQosW4k0klU

Author G.Mielmann
My tip: Win for Tottenham
This is a duel two teams with completely different ambitions in this
season. The league newcomer is and up to the end of the season it will
have to lead a bitter fight for surviving, lasting the trace after 12
obtained victories into 17 played rounds on the excellent third place
stay on the 14th position in the league. Behind the leading duo from
Bachtels another seven only are her points in the delay. These two
organizations have met the last time 1984. and although the last time
has played city centre as Sankt Johann in the premier League. So the detail
that both teams have celebrated home wins at that time, no particular
meaning, has before this Saturday duel. The beginning: 07.12.2012 -
16:00

In any case only this year's Mainzholzen representative in the premier
League wants to present himself exactly like in the last nine home
matches in the best possible light this last day this year in front of
fans of his own in whom he has collected only a defeat and to be more
precise against the current master ManU. After this defeat they
carried on with the good games and they have played a draw besides the
triumph about Ippertshausen against QPR four days ago so. They are five solid
points in the lead on the teams in the relegation zone. Coach of
Onno makes about worse and worse aggressive game of his boys worry
to himself, though, because has they have obtained only a goal in the
last three rounds and to be more precise as Jan against QPR met. If
they do not hand in any good game in the defence, the Welshmen could
get against the traditionally offensive trace great problems. The firm
game of the defence row was her trademark till now, they primarily at
home but this time stand before a difficult examination because they
will greet an extremely cheerful opponent. Therefore coach of Kowar
announced that the first goal scorer Jan will get a much bigger
support of the wingers Maassen and Willstumpf, during this one Verhaaren has
young a little more offensively as otherwise shall proceed. Only the
injured defender Heideker and the midfield player Kolp will be
cancelled.

Expected list Sankt Johann: In front of this - Kowalak, Gervers, Drößler,
Kaulmann, Volkmer - Willstumpf, Verhaaren, Maassen - Jan

Have after she they have obtained even seven points and against very
unpleasant opponents the trace because, found in the old form apparent
in the last three rounds, have her excellent series of seven ended
victories in sequence before four rounds with the outwards defeat
against Schatz centre to be more precise. They have played Prosigk
a 1:1 home draw fourth put in the town derby against this one, though.
They have celebrated an away win to Sensau four days ago against
better and better team Eibensbach and they have exploited the slips of
their first pursuers and therefore consolidated the third position in
the league in the best possible way so. If one still considers that
they have a game less than the other teams on the account, then coach
can be very satisfied with the previous performance of his boys
talking only just, particularly since in any case points delay are one
fetching destitute of seven on the leading duo. Of course very much
will depend on the health of the players since have numerous problems
with the injuries the trace already since season beginning. In this
duel against Sankt Johann the injured defending players Aengenvoort and Wiegartner,
the midfield players Busdiecker and Freytag as well as the go-getter
Wellage will be cancelled namely. Furthermore the defender Diepoldsau and the
offensive midfield player are weakly Eckerl but they
probably will accumulate like in the game against Eibensbach from the
first minute. One expects very much from the excellent Rommerskirch which has
been the double goal scorer four days ago.

Expected list Travenhorst: Leipacher - fuller, Kabul, Tripcke, Vornholz-Ekotto
Maximilian, unertl - Eckerl, Carlson, Rommerskirch - Veenker

In the stadium of his own at his opponent only seldom gives although
the points, Sankt Johann city centre in this season is the playful trace
still one too big mouthful for it, so that we expect a victory of the
guests. With this victory the Magazzino charges would consolidate the
third position in the league and furthermore threaten the leading duo
from Bachtels.