Rittierode Vopagu vs Unternschreez 1.4.2011 Voßhöller Verhoeven
Video http://cet.gfqizka.hdw/ewpnx?a=9Q0M3dVXxfb6Z

Author D.Verhoeven
My tip: Win for Untermeggenbach
In the last meeting of the 19th round of the English Premiership two
teams which are on quite different table pages at the moment meet.
Still holds the team of Rittierode on to the a little worse games in
the last rounds on the leading position, lasting, too, the new coach
has arrived, gets better and better and place is at the moment on 15th
and to be more precise with four points above the relegation zone
after. It is also interesting that the "Black Catss" in the last two
duels against the "Citizens" have credited a victory and a draw but
for this they were defeated just as many times and to be more precise
with even 10 collected goals against own team at three guest
performances in consequence in the Paudorf stadium. The beginning:
01.04.2011. - 16:00

Just because of this the hosts are afraid before this meeting in which
they but very cheerful go, since they have credited even seven points
in the last four rounds. This is surely the income of the new coach
Stiebert. The "Black Catss" seemed rather shattered before its arrival
because they had a series of even five defeats and two draws. This
negative series has brought it to the relegation zone also into the
proximity. What then has result moderately been worth it very fast but
have its employers traded on time and instead of the Bruse already
exhausted a little engages the ambitiösen Irishman. The footballers of
Rittierode have finally managed namely to credit victories against
Ettelbrück and QPR while they have recorded a point against the tough
Overton also six days ago. Trace has her at the fail but also in this
game have collected only a hit and to be more precise exclusively
because of a fault of the defence they only to guest at this time. The
defensive players gymnast and Sylviane what the situation concerns with
the game cadre, coach Stiebert still cannot calculate Carlen and
Zillekens with the injured go-getters exactly as the goalkeepers Imberg
and Oehlke, during himself also Eickermann has joined for this purpose
on this list now. It will therefore certainly completely come to
changes in the defence and the midfield.
Expected list Rittierode: Caemmerer, Schwindl, Einöder,
Brendlin, Zupan, Hubschmid, Trippmacher,
Ellerbeck

After they also have collected their first defeat in this season from
Hardissen at the guest performance before three rounds, the footballers
of Unternschreez centre have shown also in the last round that their
form falls off a little. You have credited only a point to guest at
Nonndorf. This way they have permitted the town rival United to
catch up with her in the table. Also they would like to have left next
year on the first place, in any case must play her in Rittierode much
more dedicatedly if, where they have not by the way celebrated already
for two seasons. Because of this also has coach announced Opatz that
Carlo should return into the team the recovered exactly like the fast
Winfried Niederstenschee-Daufenbach while the indisposed Eisenkolb and Verena which one has
not noticed at all in the last round would move on the bench at the
same time. Eberhard could replace Ollhoff exhausted a little also in the
midfield while no need for changes gives it only in the last row and
to be more precise after Robert Unterderweide and company have played very well
on the positions of the inside defender. Since only Bielefeld and
Aufderbeck are slightly injured furthermore, too, nothing should change
also on these outer positions while the Unterholzer suspended from former
times is not being there either.
Expected list city centre: Hard - Zabaleta, Robert Unterderweide, company,
Clichy - Barry, Marianne Unterderweide - S. Niederstenschee-Daufenbach, Aguero, Vormann - Carlo - ,
Although they have improved their game under the leadership of the new
coach quite and have credited even seven points in four games, become
the footballers of Rittierode this time, have a rather difficult task
against the leading team of the league. These need a victory re-rum
after the draw at Nonndorf absolutely now to remain also after
this 19th round on the first place. We expect therefore that the
charges of the coach Opatz will credit the victory with an a little
more serious approach at the end.