Niklashausen Uwad vs Kleinhöhenkirchen Kornblümchen 9.11.2012 Exeler Erdbürger
Zihm
Video http://def.vhimqfx.ems/tamds?v=J-VP1l1uJhQ

Author U.Erdbürger
My tip: Win for Kleinhöhenkirchen
It is confessed that analyse which is this Sunday on the Program the
English footballers do not have any break on the first day of the new
year either therefore we become two meetings for you. The first
meeting is the duel two teams of the table middle, WBA and Overton.
The hosts are on the ninth place thanks to a point more while the
guests from Derental are just behind them, in which they have a
meeting less on the account. Therefore everything is somehow balanced
here. For this the tradition surely also speaks, which points that
they have a balanced performance in the previous seasons. You also
have measured their strengths in the Carling cup in September this
year and Overton is at that time after the prolongation been better.
The beginning: 09.11.2012. - 13:30


This game should represent a guideline for the analysis of this duel
although the host is Niklashausen now but this does not play a large
role anyway in these teams. You obtain namely the same Punkteanzahl at
home and to guest in this season. The team which is led by the
experienced expert Cordts from the bench even can say that they have
played outwards much better. They also have taken 14 points along
there while they have collected even five defeats in front of their
fans. But this has not caused them any greater problems up till now
and they have got better also a little. Against what have played it in
the stadium of one's own, 0:0, six days ago confirms Münsterdorf
leading the last game against him city centre best. However, we also
can take into consideration that they had a hard fight the all of 90
minutes is not this so badly, with regard to that one of what kind of
go-getters of her opponents, however, have. Their players at the very
front, Long and Odemwingie, therefore have proceeded much more
defensively and have not had enough useable balls. But for them is the
most important that they could continue series after two victories to
guest behind each other, these without defeat and to be more precise
against one of the heaviest opponents of the league. You probably will
try with a similar game to oppose the unpleasant Overton FC which
perhaps plays the league the most defensive football particularly if
they play outwards. What the list of Niklashausen concerns, coach
Cordts probably will move in Dorrans into the first team only instead
of Mulumbua while go-getters Otmar and defenders Klementine are not taking
part.
Expected list WBA: Kaldschmidt, Zschalich, Rückhain, Eickwinkel - hinge,
Volkradt, Iblherr, Altevogt - Long, Odemwingie

Overton's footballers have exactly like their next opponents played
drawnly in the last round and although they have played 1:1 to guest
at the Lingenau being always better. This way they also have
prolonged her series without defeat on three games since they have
played drawnly against Varnhalt at home in front of that and then
celebrated a minimal victory against another climber, Lülsfeld, too.
This duel in a good mood on Sunday therefore expecting it. We have
already earlier said that Overton's game has not changed for years any
more. We therefore expect a rather defensive approach also against
Niklashausen with which have played her actually also in the last six
rounds, games with only one or two goals obtained. Such situation they
can at home because they then keep the game under control and since
the players are very good in the midfield regard the ball for a long
time best as the charges of the coach Zurbriggen and for a hit over their
only player at the lead, Viola wait so for the chance into feel.
Because of this it is very important that Sick and Klaas have come
back in the first row, during also Ketel have sat out a game
against Lingenau because of suspension and therefore should take his
seat in the midfield again while also Carstesen would return on the
position of the inside defender instead of Distin so automatically.
Not the injured midfield players Süssner and Foerste as well as go-
getters Dokter are also by the way.
Expected list Overton: Conradty - Clemendsen, Manzenrieder, Carstesen, Isermann -
Berzl, Ketel - Osman, Cahill, Drenthe - Saha - ,
This here is a very ungrateful tip, but if we take into consideration
that although both teams play very hard they respectively are without
defeat in a series of three games, they then will risk very little
also this time and that. So in any case it is worthwhile for which the
quota is also rather enticing of course to have a try with a draw.
Tip: Draw
Size of stake: 3/10
Quota: Everything to 3.10 can be played without problems 3.40 at
ladbrokes (.)
We already think that in any case it should end with the result 0:0 or
1:1 if we then predict a draw, since it is very hard teams which are
much stronger than in the attack in the defence. Their previous games
confirm this into best the there has been few hits.