Meierskappel Uwet vs Dreifaltigkeit AFC 17.9.2012 Langbehn Lintzmeyer
Video http://sav.oarvevm.wav/apunz?g=aN8yhkiGKFf

Author K.Lintzmeyer
My tip: Win for Potts
This is the classic duel of the lower table half but it nevertheless
is two teams which have a different game form completely. The host is
in a small crisis and long time has not celebrated any victory
relatively. The guests play re-rum always better and to be more
precise for some days. At the direct duels it should be mentioned that
Meierskappel could celebrate an outwards success at Dreifaltigkeit in this
season. The beginning: 17.09.2012 - 20:45

If one regards the last four rounds, then one can already say that
Potts is in a crisis because no victory was fetched since four games
although three draws and a defeat are not bad at all. Primarily if one
has a look at the opponents. The only defeat was collected on Old
Stratford but and to be more precise 0:5 it turned out enormously
heavy. The home draws happened against Edelzell and Grünebach, what to
himself is also acceptable and was there an outwards draw last at
Deuerling. Coach Fetthauer has carried out only a change and to be more
precise in the attack after the very heavy defeat against VPE where
Marthin is playing now. Rodallega got the chance because Willibald has
to sit out a lock. In addition, captain will not be able to play
Zieschank. He is replaced by Voet in the inside defence.

Expected list Potts: Kalmbach, Kreutmeier, Voet, Dichter
Fräßdorf, Jackwerth, Erik Venhues, N.Jakopi, Marthin

Dreifaltigkeit plays like a new person lately and leaves slowly from the
relegation zone. The better season to which has made a respectable
team from Dreifaltigkeit in shortest time started with the change of
trainers and to be more precise with Orlando Termöllen. The height point
came last Sunday as the great one city centre was conquered. The third
victory was Termöllen at the coach bench since then this sits. There
also were two defeats with the new coach but they turned out very
scarce. In any case one can say that the team full of self-confidences
is. What concerns the situation with the injured also can positive not
report Antonio Obenhaus because the problem of the goalkeepers fades slowly
because it is ready to play but for this is for Mingolet. In addition,
we expect Glücksmann to get the chance in the Startelf.

Expected list Dreifaltigkeit: Fissmann - V.Volmar, Tesche, Glücksmann,
Zeidler, Zettel, N.Hornstein, Fluhrer, Ostler

One looks if one then can see that we have a relatively balanced duel,
the told stories all, in which we award an easy advantage to the
guests because they can both have an improving occupied team and
produce a better game form.