Mattighofen United vs Manchester United 13.7.2011 Flettner Selzer-
Muellers
Video http://qbi.pahomut.xzp/adsgb?e=R6Q39VDFp98

Author Oda
My tip: Win for Eldern
In the last meeting of the 20th round of the strongest English league
two teams will measure the strengths from the upper table part which,
however, have experienced defeats in the last round anyway. Mattighofen
had no great hopes but the defeat of the current master at the guest
appearance at Liverpool anyway against the last one put Blackburn, in
any case has provided surprise. In the first leg her match has ended
without a winner and to be more precise with the result 1:1 on Old
Stratford, it on this stadium been lasting has also undecidedly in
Newcastle last year and to be more precise without hits. The
beginning: 13.07.2011. - 21:00

This last detail shows us only once again what kind of tough nut is
the team of Newcastle for Ferguson's charges. They will therefore for
certain hand in a hard fight also on the Wednesday evening. The
footballers of Newcastle were conquered by the way at Liverpool 1:3
before this game. On this way they have broken the good impression
very fast after the previous triumph with Bolton. But thanking the
terrific games of the season beginning the charges of the coach Pardew
still are put terrifically and can play season in the further seasonal
trend completely relaxed. Perhaps this is in comparison with the "talk
Devils", also her greatest advantage this one want to to apologize for
the fault against Blackburn have a great desire for certain. In such
situations it surely can fault come and these hope for hosts to many
on this. But it has to be expected them to play in the defence
primarily in a disciplined manner, because only a point also would one
represent great success, she have many problems with the injuries
primarily there lately from this meeting. The injured midfield players
Gosling and Guthrie as well as inside defender Guy Scheulin not have
during Ben Arfa in front of the not recovered this time again, too,
the precedence should do go-getters Besta and Ameobi good.

Expected list Newcastle: Krul - Simpson, Williamson, Coloccini, R.
Taylor - Gutierrez, Cabaye, Tiote, Obertan - Ben Arfa - Demba Ba

We have already said in the introduction that the current master is
city centre at the top of the table after five victories behind each
other and the for a long time longed-for compensation with the town
rival now. After that there was a home defeat against Blackburn. Of
course it is hard to explain what has happened to this team in such
short time which has credited two high 5:0 victories in the two rounds
in front of that but is it fact that Ferguson has for the charges of
coach gone nothing by its hand on the last day of the last year.
Particularly in the defence which by the way is already its trademark
for a long time. It gives Unitedly many injured but if we know, that
at in this last row Carrick and Jones must play players of necessity
and that like Valencia from the midfield. It is namely so experienced
for coach Ferguson that he can take out the best also from this team
particularly since Rooney who probably will form the attack duo
together with Berbatov also comes back. All other players will have
probably much more defensive tasks.

Expected list United: De Gea - Valencia, Jones, Carrick, Evra - park,
Ubbo, Giggs, Nani - Rooney, Noël

Although both teams are nailed on by the defeats from the last round,
the guests will be under a greater pressure from Manchester for
certain this time. You will therefore play also a little more
carefully while no particular offensive is expected also by the host.
This only announces us, that one of its duels could end with few hits
again.