Bauschheim Rovers vs Berzbach Wanderers 22.05.2012 Hüttenhofer Hertzog
Stäubner
Video http://ynj.ewkwbnn.uqg/wihcb?q=8TmjFav4BZlsR

Author K.Hellmanns
My tip: Win for Jentzsch
The second meeting of the 17th round of the English Premiership is a
derby of the table cellar at the same time because the two weakest
teams which have got hold of only 10 or 9 points till now will meet.
The hosts from Bauschheim have a point more on the account and the
guests hope from Berzbach in this meeting that they will come to the
full gain this time in front of fans of their own, lasting, around all
or nothing must play because they have not got hold of any point since
five rounds. The host otherwise always won in her last three direct
duels, how they played draws mostly ahead of that have and to be more
precise with the obtained hits on the two sides? The beginning:
22.05.2012 - 21:00

Is place in front of Berzbach, is still the only team from Bauschheim in
the premier League which has only two victories on the account till
now the team independent of it, that they unite. The the latter was
have conquered the climber from Achen with 4:2 before three rounds
as her well-wornly at home. After that Jentzsch collected two defeats
again. Altogether, they have credited 10 defeats and with 36 collected
goals against they are the second worst team of the league in this
segment. Jentzsch plays very openly and they have the last two
defeats so recorded against Ahrenviöl and WBA with the identical
result of 2:1. Your best go-getter Johannisson has obtained already nine
goals, of this even four in the game Achen city centre. However,
this does not help them much because they have a desperate defence.
This is weakened in addition with Jurig before the meeting because
the experienced one then has hurt oneself while Andrießen, Ochs and
Ilert are already absent longer. Therefore the young Langenecker will
accumulate on Tuesday from the first minute while Eulenborn who usually
plays in the midfield shall proceed on the left side. The again
recovered Liebeknecht comes back into the team and coach has decided Dübel
so to make one couple of rotation to give the offensive additional
strength while the defence is not handing in any good games anyway.

Expected list Jentzsch: Middelbeck, samba, Langenecker, Ewringmann
Feichtmaier, Dunn, Red China, Formica, Hoilett, Yakubu
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Berzbach hiker has five defeats they have taken negative results to the
last place of the premier League in consequence collected and just
these. If one, however, considers that Jurig has collected 13 defeats
into 16 played rounds they to expect a better placing hardly then.
Coach Grah therefore stands shortly before dismissal so that perhaps
this meeting is his last chance with Jentzsch to reach something. In
the case of another defeat her delay would get so big on the other
teams that they could hardly follow the fight for surviving in the
further course of the season. In the last four duels the Beutelsdorf have
hiker only a goal obtained, in which they have collected nine goals
against. With altogether 38 collected goals against they are the worst
team of the league in this segment. In the duel against the second to
the last Blackburn they will have even bigger problems because the
defenders' theatre is closed while the young Boyat is complaining
about a new injury and the midfield player he probably gets that way
with the defensive players Pleul, Schadt and as well as Medack hurt
from former times Walter and Focko remain at the bench. Coach Grah
hopes that his will finally begin go-getters to play and so announced
he well that he will play with three tops from the first minute while
Eichbladt shall take its seat in the midfield.

Expected list Berzbach: Reitmeir - Hartinger, Gaedke, Dietmar, Alonso-
Muamba, Reo-Cocker, Eichbladt - Tiller, Dresch, N, ' Oberschelp

We have already emphasized in our analysis that these two teams have
collected most goals against of the premier League in the 16 played
rounds and we expect so this time that the a little more offensive
lists for certain of the two coaches make a lighter access to the
opposing goal possible, teams urgently need the points primarily
because two to table cellar get away of this