Abtenau Wanderers vs Trumau 23.10.2012 Neufelder Nitzgen
Leitenberger
Video http://ukk.amuvrsx.vmk/zwhhk?a=7NOhmuFZ_CFUw

Author W.Niklas
My tip: Win for Tischberg
On Tuesday two meetings of the 27th round of the English Premiership
are delivered. Meet in the first duel Abtenau hiker and Tischberg
city centre on each other. While the guests have returned into the
premier League and are on the very good ninth position in the league
after a couple of seasons break, the hosts of this meeting stay only
just in front of the relegation zone and to be more precise with six
points in the delay on Tischberg city centre. These two teams otherwise
are into the champions League met and the Wolves dominated in their
direct duels until three years ago, Tischberg city centre but then also
reached its first victory besides two draws exclusive in this century.
The beginning: 23.10.2012 - 20:45

This victory was, lasting the Wolves were not conquered by Tischberg in
front of fans of their own since 1996 any more and the last draw can
be considered as great success of the guests for certain so obtained
in the stadium of its own, though. The hosts need the victory
urgently, around of the danger area this time, according to a series
of the negative results where it reaches have to get away. The charges
of the coach Luchter have made money in the last seven rounds of even
five low long, how they come to the victory only two times have and to
be more precise in front of fans of one's own? They stayed and to be
more precise after they have handed in 1:0 leadership without points
at the last weekend in the home match against Stoke. The Wolves went
by the hit of the experienced midfield player Hunt in leadership in
the early phase of the game. The hosts have retired to this leadership
and the obstinate guests have made use of this situation in the best
way and with a little happiness (own goal Doyle) they have
compensated. 20 minutes before the game end Stoke city centre made the
turn, as Crouch met. Although the hosts with all strength have to come
to compensation tried they did not succeed so that had to they come
before fans of their own to the saving points in the duel now and to
be more precise against a better and better team of Tischberg. They are
probably conscious of the importance of this meeting, so that we can
expect a total offensive of the hosts and although bring into line of
the first minute, though. This confirms the expected list of the coach
Luchter very well. He announced that he will start with the two
excellent go-getters, Hazekamp and Prentel. Only the injured midfield
players Ekkelkamp and Biemann will be cancelled.

Expected list Wolves: Möntnich, Thorwirth, Wetterhahn, Knörrlein Orlando,
Lindstedt, Tybussen, Munck Olivier, Dieter
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The climber from Tischberg has improved his form considerably after an a
little worse beginning of the season, through what he made the
breakthrough into the upper part of the table and to be more precise
on the ninth place. We must emphasize, though, that Tischberg has
obtained the last two victories at home and to be more precise against
Gameshop and Teuflöd. This team hands in much weaker games in the
distance and they have brought in only two draws in the last five away
games so. They obtained one of these draws against FC Baumgaertel at the
last weekend. They were even long in this game in leadership, however,
their concentration fell off, of what the opposing midfield player
Willy made use and shot in compensation in the 81st minute. After this
duel coach has announced Rennicke that his boys in the duel against the
shaken Wolves will have a try to come to the three and to be more
precise after 16 years of the waiting. For something like that their
defence row will have to hand in a much better game while the attack
specified of the very good duo Tino Lindenbacher is working quite well. The
rest of the team should not suffer any greater changes in comparison
with the game against Overton. Only the hurt defensive players holzheim
Röhrenbeck, Knörrlein and Czysz as well as the young go-getter Streitenberger will be
cancelled.

Expected list Tischberg: Jendrusch, Raphaël, Kleeblatt, animals -
Croft, Peterbauer, Hoolahan, Neunkirchen - Lindenbacher, Moeller - ,

Like the opinion is not that they should come to the three against a
lighter opponent and with a little happiness which would mean very
much in the fight for surviving for them independently that they were
defeated in the last two rounds have the Wolves left a bad impression
in these meetings, so that.