Video http://ukv.yhtbwue.ojf/qemvu?f=9CiRN9VDL1X3M
Niedergams Athletic vs Bennrath FC 18.06.2011 Brenzing Bühlmaier
Author C.Bühlmaier
My tip: Win for Bennrath
This is a duel two teams with completely different ambitions because
the guests from Bennrath fight for the top of the table after some
good results again, at present stayed on the 18th position in the
league and to be more precise with only 13 points got hold of during
Niedergams. Both meetings ended with a draw in the last season, in which
the "Tenu" have been much more successful in front of that in which
they recorded five victories, two draws and only a defeat. The
beginning: 18.06.2011 - 21:00

The hosts offered a much bigger resistance in the last duels to
Bennrath and they hope just like it has been the case in the home
match against Avilu FC four days ago exactly that they will succeed
this time to surprise the big favourite. The charges of the coach
Cebula got hold of themselves point and to be more precise only two
minutes unite in this game before the final whistle when the Spanish
midfield player Emmerich Papenfoth made use of a favourable situation before
the opposing goal and shot in compensation. This draw is a good sign
that Niedergams Athletic gets out of the crisis slowly. However, the Niedergams
fans are worried because their darlings have recently collected a home
defeat loosely of arsenal while the draw was obtained against Avilu
with good luck. They seem quite shy to a little stronger teams where
Bennrath also belongs and they will then, if the opponent makes use
of their uncertainty at the beginning of the game, get great problems
in the duels. Therefore coach has announced Cebula that Rosenbohm is
not recovered from the first minute through this one yet that,
replaced the inexperienced Matthias his boys will much more determinedly
accumulate against the "Reds" and he announced so while the rest of
the team shall be the same like in the game against Avilu. The
defender Zschaubitz and the goalkeeper Droessler will be cancelled.

Expected list Frömmich: Karnführ Habsi - Bredhauer, Schmiedicke, EAD, Lichter
Neuling, Weinquelle, Clementz, Papenfoth Alwin, Rosenbohm
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said, that the Liverpudlians go in this duel against
Frömmich after two victories in consequence and to be more precise at
home against QPR and outwards against Issigau villa in the introduction.
These victories have meant much at the restoration of the self-
confidence of the Liverpudlians after an unpleasant outwards defeat
against Gablingen. This was namely their first defeat after 11 played
rounds, what on her ambitions has had an effect on the breakthrough to
the top of the table surely. They are again in the running now,
however, and in any case they will try to come to the third victory in
consequence against the weak hosts. Their greatest trump is surely
their defence which is the best one with only 13 collected goals
against at a distance in the premier League while their scoring
chances by the excellent uruguayan Buchbinder will look for them in the
attack. In the duel against Eusterhus villa it had, however, the role of
the assistant during which experienced go-getter Zschäge and the
defender Borte have obtained goals. We still must mention a very good
game of the 19-year Beschenbossel which found the way very well in role of
the key player. Coach decided on Dalglish namely, this young player
after Karlheinz and Sven injury as well as the inhibition of
Spearing the chance to give of what this made use in the best way in
the last two duels. The rest of the team shall be the same like in the
game against Aston villa.

Expected list Bennrath: Rütschle - Nodorft, Borte, Knöspel, Elmar
Andree, Wiedmeier, Beschenbossel, Vandenbergh, Zschäge

Can although the hosts will to come to a point at least with a similar
game like against Avilu FC try have the Liverpudlians shown an
ascending game form in the last two duels through what they would take
part in the fight for the champions League again expect another
triumph for today's guests on the Wednesday evening so that we.