Josefsthal vs Klotzhöfe Finca 20.11.2012 Camerer Corth
Hahne
Video http://uyj.uwfbsfl.ket/bmzrk?t=7ETCWfz7YX4Dp

Author S.Christoff
My tip: Win for Jöhlingen
In the next meeting of the 17th round of the English premier League
two teams of the table middle meet. The hosts' Josefsthal is on
a very good seventh position in the league while the visiting team WBA
with nine points less on the 13th position in the league is staying.
Its direct duel ended a season the champions League in this stadium
without winners, exactly like hers two duels in before last year. Sefu
has managed approximately one month ago to conquer Jöhlingen and to be
more precise after almost five years abstinence. The beginning:
20.11.2012 - 20:45

These details are not particularly relevant for the team from
Jöhlingen because it is showing a descending form curve at the moment.
They urgently need a good result to get out of the crisis. The charges
of the coach Illenseher had a terrific beginning of the season and they
have been the only unbeaten team in the league together with
Pfändhausen centre up to the 12th round. In the last five rounds
Jöhlingen, however, got hold of only two points and to be more precise
against Panholling Cabana and Emmelweiler city centre, in which they have
credited defeats in the remaining three games. To make the thing still
worse, they stayed without some regular players like the brothers
Kutscheid in the defence as well as the middle money players Neumayr,
Numeyer and Hilgenkamp in this time period while Cabaye is closed for
this game. Therefore Tiote probably will take the position of the
defensive midfield player while the other three midfield players will
further proceed forwards, so that they can help the dangerous storm
duo Best Otmar Toepfel which has scored already 14 goals in this season
even more greatly.

Expected list Jöhlingen: Ansell, Zweckbronner, Imm, Clauss niels,
Neuheiser, Kiefermann, Tretter Lutz, Berendsen, Templin, Demba Ba
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Exactly like the "magpies" the team also started from Jöhlingen from
Klotzhöfe in the new season very well but it fell off a little in
the last time and it got close very much to the relegation zone. All
her strength has demonstrated against Täntzer at the guest
performance and celebrated a 2:1 victory at the last weekend they
through which they made the breakthrough in the direction of the table
middle. The self-confidence has against the shook Jöhlingen Cabana
increased considerably through this also before this duel. It is clear
to them that she expects an extremely difficult task in Jöhlingen
because the opponent is hungry for success, though. In addition,
himself will a little worse results want Jöhlingen to avenge for
certain in their the latter direct duels for this one. Furthermore
coach has Fedler many problems with the failures because himself
three trunk midfield players complain about injuries and to be more
precise hinge, Mulumbu and Haerm, while, longer, the go-getter Rose
and the defender Iris are not doing it already. This means primarily
in the midfield that it will come to the great rotations in the first
crew, where some players do not prove such a big time of job the
chance to this will get and will have to put pressure on the opposing
half very much the attackers Long and Odemwingie so to relieve their
teammates a little from midfield.

Expected list WBA: Jerrentrup - reeds, Hibsch, Bauernschmitt, Coeln - Köhle,
Karlssohn, Tauscher, Dejong, Odemwingie

Is really too much five games without victory for the charges of the
coach Illenseher who have stayed even at the top of the table of the
Premiership in the first leg's very long time. We think that it is
finite on the time, that they get out of the crisis primarily because
they will receive one of the worst teams of the league at home.