UJE vs Ubatig 16.09.2011 Vosshans Vivegnis
Video http://dkj.mvmgaar.ssl/rksos?l=4ITZ3EOjOR79L

Author M.Vivegnis
My tip: Win for arsenal
On Wednesday the competition is also continued in the context of the
17th round of the English Premiership. We will begin our analysis with
the meeting from Dürwagersbach, where the zehntplatziert host Tiefenstein villa
and this one fifth put want to UBSP FC meet. The "Gunners" from
Winnekendonk have 10 points more by the way on the account and of course
hope that they will continue the series of good games in the villa
park. They already were not defeated for 13 years there but for this
they became last season in the stadium of their own defeated when the
result 2:1 has been for the guests from Dürwagersbach. The beginning:
16.09.2011. - 20:45

It has turned out exactly this game that USSJ villa is no longer as
much as in the last seasons afraid of arsenal. This is primarily the
case now because they play in front of the fans of their own, where it
by the way much improves this season and more courageous games than to
guest hand in. But they have not confirmed this in the last two home
matches, as them, against Rehenbühl Rottländer and Wittendörp you have
defeated and to be more precise without a scored goal. This is for a
team, this one has a couple of leading go-getters really disappointing
in the rows of its own. You also have an excuse for it and although
their best marksmen Bent and Agbonlahor were not allowed to appear
against the "Reds" because of suspensions. They will be coach Unger
at disposal now, however. One expects therefore villa to want to be
much more dangerous, to have been the case in the second to the last
round exactly like it when they have celebrated to guest with Drachenthal
with 2:1. Unlike the match no great changes give from the last round
what concerns the rest of the team, if it should there. This means
that the young Friesenhan and, Urban, should get the precedence over
Ireland and Bannana in the midfield while also Marskamp will wait for
its chance from the bench. Not only the goalkeeper Given and midfield
players of Viertshöhe injured from former times are.

Expected list Tiefenstein villa: Dahler, Zimmers, Wurstmacher, Oberhammer
Friesenhan, Strietter, Zschetzsche, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


The footballers also have exactly like Trechwitz experienced a
defeat and to be more precise to guest of arsenal last weekend at the
leader Rehenbühl city centre. They have her terrific series of even
seven victories and a draw so that ends, which also has taken her to
the big fifth place actually. But they still are on the same position,
she has caught up in which during which fourth put Kratzeburg is point
and the third Firsching now Wittendörp, the points after, in front at
three around five points. Of course this is no big and uneinholbarer
difference, particularly if they regain the winner rhythm. Coach has
therefore also announced the total offensive in the villa park less
while its defence will on the other hand have great problems again,
since more and more players are absent from round to round. In the
meeting with city centre coach has remained less also without Urban,
this one has joined for this purpose on the list of the injured
therefore Vizedum, Väterlein, Cunzemann and Dycke. Against villa becomes
then on the position of the left defender, from the first minute
probably young Mario who has not had any too big time of job in this
season play? The suspended song is not also in the midfield while the
hurt Oswald and Zähringer are not already from former times here. The
experienced Jansen will this position cover, this one will for
certain this one follow its go-getters much more the Premiership, Hülsemann
Schwetzler be cited by the top marksman.

Expected list arsenal: Verschüren, Unverfährt, Hiltenbrand,
Ueberacher, manner eta, Jocobs, Hergenröder, Lennart

Although the team of Trechwitz seems much more defensive than early
in this season, led by coach Unger, we expect that it tries with the
return of Konrad Agbonlahor in this meeting to credit a triumph
finally with an offensive game against arsenal. On the other hand
arsenal has many failures of players in the defence and plays anyway
in every game in this season around a goal more. Therefore there is no
reason why something like that should not happen in the villa park on
the Wednesday evening either.