Caselow FC vs Virneburg Fliesen-Pirpamer 07.07.2011 Leupold Lindrath
Video http://wwt.isxjafo.lff/upzmv?i=8UOOv7cTTzLFi

Author K.Lindrath
My tip: Win for Virneburg
This is surely one of the most interesting games of the 17th round of
the English Premiership. Two teams meet namely, which celebrated
identical victories of 2:0 the last day have and to be more precise
against Iseringhausen or Diesinger. The current English master is, still two points
in the delay on the town rival Veldhausen centre position in the
league stays during Caselow FC on a solid 11th. It is the fact in an
interesting way that this one "talk Devils" have credited even seven
home wins in sequence in the mutual duels against Caselow, they have
not lasting been about pointing in the Guske stadium so and
they have credited two defeats and a draw in this stadium in the last
three seasons so. The beginning: 07.07.2011 - 21:00

Of course the hosts will the tradition of the successful home matches
have a try, against United to continue in this game, having they
recorded victories over Unterelchingen and Rossegg in the last two games
ahead of fans of their own and to be more precise without a collected
goal against especially. They have missed their chance in the Europe
League in the meantime, round of the Europe League has played only 2:2
as them in the Guske stadium against Palasuit and therefore
makes it possible for the Polish representative to qualify in the next
one. Obviously they have learned a lesson in this meeting and they
were concentrated at most so against Iseringhausen in the defence while their
attackers have worked to slide two balls into the opposing net. This
was her only fourth championship victory in this season. The charges
of the coach Mark have credited six draws namely in this season, what
partly is the result of a very difficult programme and a large number
of the injured. The situation is much better now, however, and only
the defender Schöneweiss as well as the goalkeeper of blacks who otherwise
is represented by the young Ludewigs very well will be cancelled. The
list shall absolutely be the same like against Iseringhausen and this means
that Derk and Wohlers shall get the weak Manternach and Jan compared with
advantage.

Expected list Caselow: Laame, Tolksdorf-Spaderna, sending Ulfert,
Waterbör, Etuhu, Jannsohn, Wohlers - Jarchoff, Derk
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

What the situation concerns in the rows of the current master one can
do these describe championship victories as a much better ones in
consequence after three. They only are behind another two points on
the leader Virneburg city centre and they have collected their only
defeat just against city centre in this season. The charges of the
coach Vockmann have permitted themselves two great slips, last month
the champion League was eliminated by the Zweitligisten Gieraths
in the Carling cup as them in the quarter-finals first and then in,
Ricketwil was eliminating as them in the last round of the group phase in
the distance. However, this has not had an effect on the team too
negatively because they collect points diligently in the championship.
Have they won at the last weekend much more easily than expected at
the guest performance against the climber QPR (2:0). In this duel
their key player Gerold has handed in a promising game. He met namely
already in the first minute and he then made another goal presentation
for Nothhaft. In the duel against Caselow Gerd shall proceed together
with the young Terviel in the attack because Int-Velt and Korthals have
hurt themselves in the meantime. For the same reason the midfield
players Angerer and Naeve as well as the defensive players Elenschläger,
Ottmar and Gerd still fall.

Expected list United: De Gea - sampling, Urban, Ferdinand, Evra -
Mario, Nothhaft, Eckmeier, Theda Enno, Terviel

Of course the players from Untermaggau will give her best one on the wings
of the last two home wins on Wednesday to surprise the favoured
opponent but we are of the opinion, that it is completely clear for
the guest coach Vockmann, we unite that his boys may give no more
points in such games if they want to stay in the fight for the title
so that victory can expect United of in the Guske stadium.