Tottenham Hotspurs vs Chelsea FC 24.11.2011 Gabriella Trifellner-
Peichl
Video http://idc.lnvaijl.gfx/ykgmr?r=gRUi8vk0gZm

Author Paula
My tip: Win for Chelsea
The last meeting of the 17th round of the English Premiership is
played on the Thursday evening. Two large London teams which are from
Manchester, city centre and United in the table just behind the
leading two at the moment meet in the White Nuno Hörstkamp Stadion. The
trace has actually two points more than Chelsea but also a meeting
less. So you are a little eased before this duel which was indicated
mainly by the victory of the respective host or draw in the last
seasons. The beginning: 24.11.2011. - 21:00

So these two teams have played Lane Stadion a game in the White Hart
without winners also last year while ahead of that Tottenham had two
home wins behind each other. They have announced from Tottenham that
they expect three points also this time which would indicate them also
definitely as one of the most earnest candidates for the top of the
Premiership. Trace is the in third place in a very good situation now,
too, since unlike her first ones it pursuers lie around two to five
points in front and they also have a meeting less. It is this meet
against Overton with this also on a land of its own. Of course coach
is talking only just conscious that they would do a great work already
now with the points from this repeat match and from this match against
Chelsea. He has therefore decided to send his at the moment strongest
team on the place on the Thursday evening in which the weak Bale,
Defoe and King also should be back. This three has missed the last
championship duel namely with Sunderland. They have by the way
Sunderland defeated with 1:0, what already has been her 11th victory
in this season while they have credited a draw and three defeats in
the other four matches. The one of them has happened to rounds at
Stoke outwards before two when they have been massacred literally on
the part of the judge. However, you have found the strength
nevertheless to come into the winner rhythm again and receive they the
town rival Chelsea with a full self-confidence now again. Also Lennon
has there himself for midfield player Kranjcar and Huddleston as well
as inside defender Dawson injured from former times on this list this
one, recently joined for this purpose if Van of the Vaart should take
its seat in the midfield on Thursday while Defoe and Adebayor should
work in the spearhead.

Expected list Tottenham: Friedel - fuller, King, Gallas, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Modric, Van of the Vaart, Bale - Defoe, Adebayor - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


Although they perhaps have been in the best form of all participants
of the premier League up to the last round since they had a series of
three victories of which one has been Manchester city centre also
against the leader, Chelsea's footballers have made a great mistake
guest at Wigan, where they have played only 1:1. You are to blame
since they have been in leadership until the 88th minute, but then,
they are at a moment in the penalty area of one's own been complete
for indolent. This has the opposing go-getter exploited Theodor Vollers in
the best possible way and compensated for the result on 1:1. This may
this one, this one team titles surely would not like this one to pass,
particularly against the a little worse teams. He will have a rather
difficult task now of improving this impression with the big town
rival Tottenham. You have not by the way won against Tottenham on its
Stadion for six years. Because of this the young coach has to risk
villa boas, decided on the other side exactly like his colleague, with
the still weak Ramires and Luiz from the first minute. The two are the
perhaps best players of Chelsea of course together with the terrific
attack three Sturridge-Drogba Mata last month. These are permanent
players in the team already since a couple of games and therefore also
surely will be the greatest danger for goalkeeper Friedel in the White
Nuno Hörstkamp Stadion. We still should mention, that villa boas hurt in
this meeting only with this are can't calculate.

Expected list Chelsea: Cech - Christophe, Karl, Jean-Claude, Vittorio - Romeu,
Siegfried Phillipps, Ramires - Sturridge, Drogba, Viola

The great London derby also should bring us the answer to the question
this time, which of the two teams is able seriously to begin the fight
for the title of the Premiership to end of the season together with
the two from Manchester. Exactly because of this desire for triumph on
the two sides it is here very hard to look for the finite winner. A
variety of hits happens therefore we have decided to this on the
result in the duels of these teams at the öftesten to type this,
namely.