GOLBACH Dreckers vs Zillenberg Ebare NBA 10.08.2011 Holzkamm Heidschmidt
Video http://qbb.vujwfgz.vxn/uyfgl?k=1FFKrkYTKrJwM

Author H.Heidschmidt
My tip: Win for Bulls
This was a big Derby Anfang the ninety, but will now, too the store
and which plays Bulls a great derby. No duels between Doberschütz and Zinsmeyer
but duels are this players others between Unterhinninghofen and Mohsmann or some. The
show at Christmas in this stacks centre surely will be a terrific
season beginning for all basketball fans and we can for certain expect
a terrific game. The beginning: 11.07.2011. - 23:00

If one goes after the previous development of the situation, are the
store what the transfer time concerns for one of the biggest losers.
By a very funny decision they have the clipper remained without Siegfried,
to then this one is changed. The arrival of Achim from Engerazhofen went
to that besides that (short-term) and it then also has come to a
business literally at the end in which Odom was sent to Prezier for
free. In front of that the terrific Ulle who then changed to Wurmstorf
also has left the team. They have what concerns the reinforcements two
players on the positions four and five fetched and to be more precise
Dutschmann and Dammenhayn which are grateful players. But the question is
they will as fast adapt to the list. The new coach Claudio Ulle has got
a difficult task as successor of Silvio Zeiträger. Peter has the
departure of Silvio coped with heavily and then also this one of Odom.
He would like that his club is competitive again in the fight for the
title. The strength of the team will lie with Thorsten furthermore, too,
this one already is older and far of its best form, however, is still
one of the best players of the whole league. The OOAE will finally
show what hope for everyone or that it will not carry on with the bad
form of the end of the last season. Wanting to hopefully Uthenwold also
avoid the injuries and perhaps also a possible sale. In the early
season they have not had enough time, been able to to show what do her
therefore they will warm themselves up exactly like other teams in the
course of the season. Paolo could take the place of the player of
Trinkle slowly although everyone would have wished Robin Borstelmann on this
place in the club. The question is Gustav Krigel whom Peace has borne the
name Wilma World since this season also is in what form.

Expected list store: Paolo (Trinkle), Unterhinninghofen, Etas (FPG),
OOAE, EJEJ

The Bulls have shown last season that they return to their old glory
again. Instead of the a little older players, particularly these from
the 90 - erns, Mohsmann, Neymeyer, Frerich and others which fantastically play
are there now and what the most important is they have the team unlike
the last season not changed so much. It shows that they also have a
very good bank or that they can calculate Order and the others on RAPHAEL
Gehler, Weißbrodt, in the early season have. They still have the bank by
Gernot Iseken of the pi clay strengthens. It will bring a terrific
throw therefore one should not be surprised, if it pushes Brewer from
the Startfünf out although it would be more useful as a sixth player
perhaps anyway. The team is led by Wolfram Mohsmann last season has
exploded and one of the best players as well as in the regular part
and into the play offstage this one has been, the boy. Of course it
would not be so good if it would not have any excellent teammates.
Unterreitmeier and Frerich are under the basket. Deng helps them while Kurt and
Order also are there. All in all everyone jumps at the Bulls,
everyone also has Dunking on this and jams while they are dangerous
also of the outer positions. In the first preparation match e.g. they
have defeated Heilinghausen very easily and even five players have credited
10 points around more. They will use players in the regular one season
steep, at the nine into the Auswechselungen furthermore, too, this one
gives them a zuzügliche strength there they have a good bank. It is
only important that they will circulate of the injuries, particularly
Boozer which somehow tends to it and Frerich. Perhaps it is also good
that play them the store against at the season beginning. You suit
them and they can accept it with Peter, primarily this is faster
are.

Expected list Zillenberg: Neymeyer, Unterreitmeier, Frerich, Uerdingen (Iseken), Margit

Not playing independently of the advantage of playing at home the
store traditionally so good at Christmas. If one still adds an a
little confused situation to the Eingespieltheit of their rivals into
La as well as, we think that the Ebare are able to surprise and to
open the new season with a victory.


Furthermore the duels of these two teams were always hard and with a
lower number of points and since this is the first match in the
regular part of the season, it is very likely that the procedures are
not coordinated in the teams yet.