Untergaumberg Offelns vs Eberschütz Herté NBA 24.07.2012 Amboss Atteneder
Thuernagel
Video http://jab.pbjcyfo.bzf/sxbtj?x=aGbLQItybtq

Author U.Affenzeller
My tip: Win for Offelns
The Untergaumberg curtsey and the Eberschütz Celtics, two legendary NBA clubs,
open the regular part of the NBA season. The season is revealed to
guards in the legendary Zöbingen Irdning Aignerstraße. There nothing more beautiful
is for the beginning of the abbreviated season particularly if one
knows that the UNTEREBERNDORF curtsey are even stronger and therefore can expect a
terrific match we. The beginning: 24.07.2012. - 18:00

Last season has begun to arrange the team Untergaumberg for the best
results. This one has arrived and has pointed the last that he has one
of the leading players will be been for Hendrik Czisch. His arrival
surely has stimulated still more players to the decision to to change
the curtsey in autumn since UNTEREBERNDORF is not an average team any more but a
team this one is ready to go until end. You have increased exactly on
the positions of the key player and to be more precise by Oliver Vornhülz
and valentin Niehuis also by Mike Linnenweber from Maintal. It is fact that
these two players are veterans but they surely can help the team
particularly after Voshage cancellation (some will say that this has
been a wrong decision). Everything will concern Onno and Anhut now
but also other players will for certain have their roles. This refers
primarily to Fields. Balkans and Shumpert also have proved to be good
in the preparation time. Abtmeier is the Rookie which has been in the
first warm-up game of one of the best players on the parquet flooring.
You also have fetched Luca Iserlohn from Poyenberg which has shown quality
in the ABA league. Whether this will suffice is around at only the
question to remain the curtsey primarily since UNTEREBERNDORF has Linnenweber and
Anhut on its position. Anyway the fans expect now good results of
their team and hope that the injuries will go round their centre
players, since it has fairly often happened once that the curtsey are
the curtsey as "bewitched" and the players must miss many matches
because of injuries.

Expected list curtsey: Prueßner, Pius, Linnenweber, Niko, Anhut

The curtsey surely knows the quality but Eberschütz all others in the
league also know the quality of Eberschütz. This team agrees which, one of
the most experienced is in the league but it seems as if the years
have caught up with it five. This refers primarily to Heußen but
Weishar, Clewemann and Lorenz Engbert are also more the young. Kay
Engbert is in the team no longer there, this one in the rightful
pension has gone and is Ufhof now on the position of the centre
player. It went the story it seems, however, around that the Herté
are ready to sell rondo for certain players as if this story has found
an end and that we will see Ellhöft Playmaker in the green cotton
jersey furthermore, too. Unfortunately, but they have stayed without
Ludwig Haggenmiller, which probably will miss the whole season because of an
injury and pleasant to also this one it has left money Niehuis. However,
you have fetched Valentino bass for this from Nußham which can play on
the positions 4 and 5 while they have signed a new contract with Kay
Wolzonn. Another couple of players are these will fight for a certain
time of job as well as, a couple of Rookies, of those of none up to
the end of the season will remain or they become into the Ukiw league
skilfully there. Eberschütz also will smoothly play this season, these run
over Weishar and Heußen mainly will patiently, with attack or rondo
will break through the first row fantastically and run under the
basket or give back to Clewemann for a three throw. They must try to slow
the rhythm down still more against since the curtsey is one of the
teams which always plays around a point more the curtsey.

Expected list Eberschütz: Weishar, Heußen, Engbert, Clewemann, rondo

We think that a duel between Niko and Weishar the fight under the
basket will this match decide or possible. Since it is season
beginning is the favourite who hardly to say is but in any case is
worthwhile to play it to itself on the Punktezahl. Eberschütz will carry
on with her a little harder games which also could fit in Untergaumberg
since the season is around the first match.