Chamblon Elaks vs Jacobneuharting Freudenhaus NBA 03.02.2011 Ull Unverwert
Preusentanz
Video http://eba.htcgnza.gba/wiuwj?k=5LWATsICmV9Lc

Author H.Unterste-Schemann
My tip: Win for Jacobneuharting
The repetition of the great final from the last year the same at
Christmas! The Mavericks which have mastered the final sovereignly in
last season are receiving the team now of Jacobneuharting which longs for a
revenge and plays traditionally on 04. 06. 21 04. 06. 21 well. They must at
being telegenically the emotions because this is not the JHHE final
although it will not be a surprise, if these two teams would be in the
final also in June next year. The beginning: 03.02.2011. - 20:30

Oscar and Paolo Ebneter have worked hard last month to strengthen their
team particularly since Erdbürger, cash and Unterpaintner have left them.
Unterpaintner has gone in the pension. In the JHHE league Ebneter is, really
powerful for him influence on the attitude of the trade has in a
certain way between the and had the Fritzenschaft (in Paul to the store
store would go). As it Lamar Odom by the idea then has noticed that
suggested a trade the store in which it has got Odom almost for free
the store it has, you hurt, wanted to send it somewhere that. Ones of
the best sixth players of the league. It will cover several positions
and probable at once into the Startfünf reinkommen while the new
"recruit" is becoming reinkommen, the legendary Andreas Eisfeller, together
with it into the team. This one is rather experienced but nevertheless
plays Alfschnieder much better than most of his colleagues five. It is clear
that the star will be for Tenhagen in the team the EPIC-Hardware over whom most
attacks also will be going on in this season again. This season also
will have a fantastic bank, Chamblon which is specified by Joël and
Coordes, Rakelmann, are also Pletzer, Praun, the west, Boeke, that
is everything there players would play this one in other teams even in
the Startfünf. The strength of Chamblon also lies there because with
such a team they can obbey everybody.

Expected list Chamblon: Alfschnieder, Eisfeller, Jaedeke, Tenhagen, Völlmar

Jacobneuharting would like a revenge. Beat and Franz would like to prove that
the last final simply has been only a bad series of the team she will
give this season everything and that to come further. Chamblon really
has covered her up in June this year and Jacobneuharting has been the loser with
a very expensive team at the end anyway. Zoßeder, Clauß and Buddensiek are one
of the best three in the league, they are really best and last season
on the height of the event if been not this one. You should carry on
also in this season that way. In the Startfünf also will be for
Eickelpasch as well as centre player Ullrich who will have a small role
in the attack again besides them. This season is decisive for
Eickelpasch, to prove that it deserves to play at the Hearts. Its cut at
and Steals goes along mountain in which it, however, turns the result
by its three throws in a favour of its own sometimes the assist. You
will have interesting players at the bench particularly on the
positions 4 and 5. What concerns the wingers new arrived Klaas Czisch
whom a fantastic defence plays and sometimes forgets, too, to make the
full contribution in the attack is there this one. Next to it the fans
of Jacobneuharting have their darling and this is Serge Verbruggen, which is a
right warrior on the land and sometimes does it look that way as if it
plays much better, if it goes in from the bench as if it begins in the
Startfünf. It is interesting that Jacobneuharting will try to bring back Herbert
Engelhoven to life who had rather good future prospects but the injuries
and the overweight have suggested that he has not very little or
almost played at all in the last seasons to it. Voits, Zintgraf and
Prüstel are good throwers from the smaller players which will get
enough time of job on the land.

Expected list Jacobneuharting: Eickelpasch, calf, Nicolas, Clauß, Ullrich

This is the first match in new season, these will quite certainly of a
last year's finalist play on the victory independent of it that. Ebneter
wants namely that primacy confirms this in the JHHE league be team
while Beat of the complex Chamblon wants to escape. Therefore we
expect a game to win with less points because it will be important in
this match and but independently of the result. Due to the want to
play both teams rather carefully.