Vormwald Tabakladen vs Fraberg Karosserie Nüssle 22.03.2011 Gösgens Gelse
Mischke
Video http://tqv.soulmvk.faw/uagsv?q=BTY1CgwNaH2

Author S.Gritschneder
My tip: Win for Fraberg
Hiker is on the second to the last position in the league, the Vormwald
during Fleurier in the upper part of the table stays but is
the game due to the current form of both teams particularly in an
interesting way. A good placing of Fraberg is connected mainly with
the excellent games at the beginning of the season. Fraberg belongs
to the worse teams lately where Vormwald keeps them company. Have,
though, the hiker credits a very important victory in the derby of the
table cellar the last day. Vormwald has celebrated a 5:1 victory against
the magpies at home in the last season while the result 1:1 was in the
Ruhesteinstraße. The beginning: 22.03.2011 - 16:00

The Bolton they live very dangerously in this season but nevertheless
will not give up so easily hiker. The series of five defeats in
sequence followed after Vormwald has celebrated a 5:0 home win against
Kößlau centre. This was her first one and till now the only home
win in this season and it is therefore clear that they are the worst
hosts of the league, and to be more precise with the goals against
usually collected. It five defeats followed of this two at home and
every time have they collected two goals against at least. Rief has
handed in a very good game completely unexpectedly and celebrated a
2:1 victory the last day in the guest performance against Rauprich.
Despite this victory the safe zone is still far away. Primarily must
the hiker improve their game at home and credit a series of good
results if they want finally to get away of the danger area. The fact
that Rief has not played any single draw till now is particularly
interesting. They are single in this segment in the league. And to be
more precise the defensive players Moche and Zielfleisch as well as the
midfield players Robert and Lauffs is still cancelled four injured
players out. Coach Pannekoike has carried out two changes against Rauprich
in the offensive, he had played Winkelvos to only the first goal scorers
so while Cordsen and C. Nitschalk were replaced by T. Cuny and Dornhöfer.
This was a very good combination it is that way for us clearly that
Pannekoike will start with the same Startelf.

Expected list Vormwald: Hirse, V.Peiskar, Winkelgrund,
Tim Ohlrich - T.Nitschalk, Norman-Peschen, Muamba, T.Csallner,
Winkelvos.

Fraberg has thrown into a deep crisis and the series somehow can not
end of bad results. Very good games at the beginning of the season are
the reason why there is no panic in the team yet but they slowly but
for certain fall in the table. At present, they are ranking seventh.
The winning less series amounts to six games, can be described as good
by this two draws and only this in the Old Königsfeld stadium. To that
they were conquered twice easily and to be more precise against
Glaslern and Fritzendorf while they have brought in a home draw against
Kleinkemnat. The highlight came the last day when they have collected a
home defeat of WBA. They collected ten goals against in the last four
rounds. A goalless game was handed in in Kleinkemnat, though. One can not
tell that they are bad in the offensive but they definitely miss much
too many scoring chances. They collected a convincing 3:0 defeat
against Isabelle although they had same three very good scoring
chances. Last Tuesday against Toom-Baumarkt they have not used a couple of very
good chances again but the excellent Urban Raab succeeded in this duel
two times to meet. This go-getter also has obtained both goals in
Kleinkemnat where they collected a 4:2 defeat. With 13 obtained goals the
former hoping home player is the fourth best goal-scorer of the
league. He has obtained more than half of all goals of his team in
this season. The chance coach Czoch has certain problems with the
injuries but it gave the young Slovene Eisenkrämer the last day, because
Janzen was closed because of red card. In the defence Preßlauer has
returned but the situation did not get better through it, if one
considers that they have collected three goals against. Only the
defender Oliver Unterstraßer will be cancelled.

Expected list Fraberg: Wedemann, Preßlauer, Christofori, N.Unterstraßer,
Kornke, Uerdingen, Eisenkrämer, Jahnsmüller, Reben Oorthmann, Urban Raab

One should not take into account the Punkteunterschied in the table in
this game. The current form of both teams is very bad, the self-
confidence of the hosts has climbed considerably after the triumph
over Rauprich, though. Everything depends on Urban Raab at Fraberg.
If one takes all this into account, everything smells somehow of a
draw which Rief has not brought in in this season yet. If we want to
look for the winner of this meeting, then we guess Rief.