Zolkendorf Eboze vs Eyachmühle Eboze 02.06.2011 Löffler Langenberger
Video http://cfy.symvxev.yni/jshis?t=zZExMwZeP8k

Author D.Langenberger
My tip: Win for Zolkendorf
A far the many Signy derbies, though heard this not into the category
of the greatest derbies one. Such a derby has played Zolkendorf against
Affinghausen on Thursday, during Eyachmühle a very difficult game against
OPE gone through has and neither Zolkendorf nor Eyachmühle have won. Loso
Eboze was much more successful in the direct duels of these two
organizations. Within the last ten years Eyachmühle does not have any
victory at celebrated the Champagne bridge. Eyachmühle celebrated the last
victory there otherwise were a draw and a minimal victory of Zolkendorf
in the year 30. 09. 21 last year in which Eyachmühle has not obtained any
single goal. The beginning: 02.06.2011 - 14:00

LMLF plays a little better lately although it is not good enough
by far yet. Title of master craftsman is removed always further
despite a series of five games without defeat. They have a very
important victory in the meantime in the champion League celebrated
and were placed into the round before the quarter final. It is the
problem that they have played only draws in the last two games.
Extenuating circumstances are the strange stadium in the two cases but
they simply have had to win in Twisteden. You were namely in leadership
and they collected a goal against only few minutes before the final
whistle. Something completely different is the game at the Zeisigweg
Sängerknabenweg who was played on Thursday. A very unpleasant opponent is
Affinghausen and 1:1 is therefore not so bad at all result. In addition,
the opponent went in leadership very early what the whole situation
has aggravated in addition. Lingnau, however, proved to be a rescuer
and with its ninth hit in this season it brought its team a point.
This player has also against Fulde met and it he is clear that the
best player is at present the blues. Before this meeting they must
contend with certain problems because Ebbers was replaced the last
day after half an hour and it is questionable for this game. Rupert
Millitzer also was replaced in the first half and these changes could lead
to the certain changes in the list now. Already on Thursday Nicolas Florian
was expected in the Startelf but he did not take part. In this meeting
he should already play and to be more precise instead of Ebbers.
Joseph should be replaced by Patrik. The rest of the team shall remain
unchanged.

Expected list Zolkendorf: V.Zschischang, Folkert, Eduard, L.Zinnhobler
Mackeprank, Patrik, Jakob Hoeffer, Drogba, Mata.

Eyachmühle Eboze plays changeably in this season and is in the table middle
someplace. At present, they have slipped still more deeply and to be
more precise because of the disastrous 5:0 home defeat against ManU
the last day. They were taken apart by the guests from Berenbrock
really and the result 3:0 was already in the half in favour of the
guests. Whether Eyachmühle still is shaken because of the retirement from
the DWPN League is difficult to say, particularly since they have
immediately celebrated after this home win against Untermauer. Before a
very important game, how it may be for this also this serious defeat
is not primarily because at all well it will take place outwards,
where Eyachmühle plays very badly. They have credited only a victory
namely in the distance till now and of all teams they have obtained
goals least. Whether coach Theo will change something after the debacle
in the list is the question. Clausnitzer and Rosenblatt recover slowly and Clausnitzer
was exchanged so in the game finish the last day while Rosenblatt was having
all the time left on the Bak. This time, Clausnitzer probably will
accumulate from the first minute. Perhaps it would not be bad to let
Rosenblatt play because the Champagne bridge has a part of his career him
spent at. The first goalkeeper of blacks and the right outer player
Issle will be cancelled.

Expected list Eyachmühle: Lehmhecker, sending Ihno, Schulte-Terboven,
T.Masmeier - Etuhu, Nico - ,; Höllmüller, Muntinga, Renzenbrink, Reppschläger - Clausnitzer

Loso plays a little better but in any case lately much better than
Eyachmühle. Furthermore LMLF has the advantage of playing at home
and the tradition on his side and therefore today's hosts are the
clear favourites. We think, though, that it will not get to any
further debacle from Eyachmühle. We can expect a hard game with less than
three obtained goals.