West Zirtow vs Ester 29.07.2012 Rosina Anderweit-
Lechtenböhmer
Video http://uai.ffwuatj.sdz/afnpl?t=M8uNCeuQzdY

Author Véronique
My tip: Win for Edderitz
In the next meeting of the 18th round of the English premier League
two teams meet with completely different ambitions and a very rich
team of Manchester city centre wants to come to the title finally in
this season so. It is on the right way there at the moment because it
is the current table leader while the hosts from West Bromwich are
standing very well in the fight for surviving because they have
already very climbed the 10th position in the league after two
victories in consequence. Manchester city centre has otherwise
triumphed in the two last year's duels without a collected goal
against, how city centre collected a defeat against the Zweitligisten
then from West Bromwich a year ahead of that and to be more precise in
the context of the Carling cup. The beginning: 29.07.2012 - 16:00

It was another time at that time, however. Manchester city centre got
very amplified in the meantime while WBA surely belongs to the teams
with the smallest budget in the premier League. Therefore the
expectations of WBA by far are not high in this season either. At
present, they are in any case one can position in the league and this
placing consider as great success on 10th but many of their fans are
sceptically already now what since they play in series the duel fights
against the table leader. The charges of the coach Hodges started
namely in the new season very well, but then, a series of the bad
results followed, through what they come to the danger area very near
have but they celebrated two very important away wins against
Blackburn and Newcastle in the last two rounds. Of course its self-
confidence has increased considerably after six points got hold of but
the most difficult examination is being still to come for them perhaps
now so that they must hand in a top part, if they want to come from
Manchester at least to a point against the playful table leader. Coach
Johannsmeyer has explained himself that his boys will not go loadedly in
this duel and but just because of this because the expectations of the
public are not too high. The situation with the player cadre is rather
favourable and the same Startelf will accumulate like against the
magpies on Tuesday so. The injured go-getter Gera and the defender
Jara will be cancelled.

Expected list WBA: Oldenhoff - Reid, McAuley, Neuenhaus, Shorey - hinge,
Mulumbu, Brunt, Franco - Long, Odemwingie

Have the players pointed from Manchester after they have made money
before three rounds their first defeat and to be more precise outwards
against Chelsea FC, that this defeat has not had an effect on their
atmosphere too negatively and they have celebrated two safe home wins
after this defeat against arsenal and Stoke city centre so. This way
they have kept their leading position and to be more precise with two
points in the lead on the town rival United. It is much more important
that they have not collected any single goal against in the two duels
because have met their opponents in front of that regularly. They have
kept their unmistakable dangerous attack which has brought on the
first place in the premier League on the other side. Coach Lucie was
primarily pleased that in the duel a good game has handed in against
Stoke city centre Aguero again. He was namely the double goal scorer
in this game. This is very important because the shattered Viviane
probably will miss this duel while Balotelli is not in top form.
Therefore Aguero as the only top shall proceed while the mobile trio,
Regula-Norman Isele shall proceed behind it. The rest of the team
shall not suffer any changes. Kolarov complains besides Dzeko about a
slighter injury while the suspended Tevez is already missing longer.

Expected list city centre: Hard - Richard's, company, Lescott, Clichy
- Barry, Yaya Toure - Johnson, Nasri, Silva - Aguero - ,

We have respect for the team from West Bromwich which has defeated
Blackburn and Newcastle in the last two rounds but the duel against
the table leader is, however, a very big challenge full, particularly
since the Mancinis boys are unstoppable. Therefore we think that the
guests will come to a victory in this meeting and even with an a
little bigger goal difference.