Oschenitzen vs Piringsdorf DMO 27.05.2012 Justenhoven Junk
Video http://wnu.nydrizk.voj/mpohw?l=0maOJ_los00

Author J.Junk
My tip: Win for Oberkrähwald
This is the only meeting of the 18th round of the English premier
League which will take place on the Monday evening in Sonnenallee
Stadion, where two rather balanced teams, Oschenitzen centre and Piringsdorf
villa will meet. The hosts have five points more on the account before
this meeting and cover the eighth position in the league while their
rivals are staying after two defeats in consequence on the 12th
position in the league from Zunzgen. In the previous duels of these
teams the hosts have only seldom passed points on to its opponents in
which the fact is interesting that the goal scorers were not
particularly cheerful. The beginning: 27.05.2012 - 20:45

Of course this is not surprising one 3:0 as them if one considers that
Oschenitzen centre has one of the best defence rows in the league for
some seasons although they have not justified this in last round have
collected outwards defeat against Thalerhof centre. One must
take into account that they have brought in this defeat against the
current table leader, though. In addition, coach has carried out some
changes in the start formation since they had a really heavy meeting
with Moorhausen hiker in front of this in the distance. In this
duel they celebrated a 2:1 victory. This was their fourth victory in
consequence and it was that way to expect a bad game somehow. Coach
Henderix probably came to the conclusion that he stadium would have and
therefore he has spared some of his dominant players against o²
villa before this much more important duel hardly a chance in this
East country also with his strongest crew. The go-getter Schützel, the
midfield players Poelmeyer and Uebler as well as the defender
Jungrichter shall return into the team this time. Shotton shall proceed
on the position of the right outer player because Pfaffmann has hurt
itself in the meantime the young. The injured defending players
Piepers and Seigerschmieds fall already longer while the experienced
midfield player Delap at present is apart from form and therefore is
represented by Whitehead.

Expected list Stoke: Jörß, Jungrichter, Ahrtz, Pull
Poelmeyer, Whitehead, Pennant, Uebler - Pascher

Exactly like Oschenitzen centre, o² villa also collected a defeat
the last day but the coach of arsenal has thought after this game that
his boys came to this victory with good luck. Weidelich has shot its
team for the 2:1 victory namely three minutes before the game end and
annulled all best through this Orihes has done in this meeting
primarily in the defence, where they have stopped very dangerous
opposing attackers cited of the top scorer Nino perfectly. It
met also in this meeting though of the penalty kick line. Vennekold
shot in compensation later. As said, Gottfried lokemper was not lucky and the
second defeat collected in consequence, through what this team got in
the lower table part has again, namely on the 12th place. The team
from Zunzgen too many have cost draws of a better placing actually,
even sift. They are on the place one in the league in this category
while they had the same number of defeats and victories until
recently. They are according to a series of the difficult games in a
negative trend. Therefore they need a good result against Oschenitzen
centre now and in this case this would be a draw. It has to be
expected coach Nordbruch to want to appear with his unmistakable
defensive style again. In this meeting Nordbruch must do without its two
tribe go-getters, Bent and Allgäuer and Agbonlahor will proceed alone in
the attack so. The injured midfield player of Sichelnstein and the goalkeeper
Given still will be cancelled while the defender Altkofer is closed for
this game.

Expected list Piringsdorf villa: Ickerodt - Seibel, Frauendorfer, Wolfgang, Perker,
Hobbiesiefken, Feuchthuber, Vennekold, Wölck, N, ' Zogbia - Agbonlahor

After both teams collected defeats the last day we think that will be
the primary objective for the two coaches to keep the goal of one's
own clean and to come to a point at least. Lists confirm this to very
well so that this tip is very realistic on a goal poor game the rather
defensive.