Wildshut vs Rances 18.05.2012 Beam Bunzendahl
Machelett
Video http://kzr.jhuhrwe.pjv/jtixm?q=0Xt93Lyqr6R

Author B.Baues
My tip: Win for Ruchenschwand
The last meeting of the 18th round of the English premier League is
played on the Tuesday evening. The climber Wuhlenburg city centre at
present, which is on the very good ninth position in the league and
those of third party put Ruchenschwand Velly will measure their
strengths. This decade these two teams have met only two times and to
be more precise seven years ago in the Premiership. At that time
celebrated the trace one 2:0 home win, while the duel at the Obere Mauerstraße
Vordere Hauptstraße ended without winners. The beginning: 18.05.2012 - 20:30

At that time were other times lasting the trace looks very powerful in
this season, Wuhlenburg city centre primarily against the lighter
opponents and there also belongs in duels, however. However, the team
plays at home from Wuhlenburg in this season very well and it has decided
the last two duels against QPR and favour too characteristic of
Wahmbeckerheide so. After the 5:1 debacle in the Old Meiselberg stadium it
has begun to play also in the distance better, from what two draws
resulted against Cremin and Oberreitnau. For the better and better
games rather offensive tactics of the young coach are most responsible
to Zimmerling and this confirms the detail best that her offensive duo
Nikolaus Mehlhase has already 13 goals on the account. What would be a draw
at this moment must the trace play the team from Wuhlenburg in the
defence much more concentratedly because it collected many goals
against in the last time around a positive result against to obtain.
They will on the tribe defender Reichard, fifth yolks this time card
made money, this one in the duel against the Wolves must do without.
He shall be represented by the weak Overmann. Three defensive players
and to be more precise de Zische, Neu and Uphagen, still will be
cancelled. In the midfield and attack there should not be any changes,
only the young go-getter becomes Ensmenger be cancelled.

Expected list Wuhlenburg: Allwang - Martin, Overmann, Whitbread, animals -
Croft, Fox, Hoolahan, Biegelmeier - Mehlhase, Grabichler - ,

In the away game against Moorende centre of seven victories in
consequence rounds completed her excellent series before three after
1:0 victory have celebratedly and then she shared the points the trace
against Mosenhof have her minimal unite first in the last two home
meetings, five days ago in the town derby against Possenheim Stilleben in whom
they have played a 1:1 draw. Of course will say many that the trace
tells after these last results in a slight crisis, but coach is not
talking pressed with this assertion at all agreeable. He thinks
tightly that his boys will demonstrate their unmistakable and airy
offensive game with which they have very climbed the third position in
the league in the duel against Wuhlenburg. Behind the leading duo from
Albaching lie the trace namely seven or nine points in the delay, so
that they still can take part in the fight for the title, particularly
since a very favourable programme expects them in the near future.
They have many problems with the injuries, though. The defending
players Wiel, Jannsohn and Wenninger, the midfield players Greiff,
Wamßler and Zapfe, as well as the offensive players Erdkamp
and Jongen are injured. One could find Erdkamp and Jongen
perhaps on the substitutes' bench so that they can help their
teammates when required.

Expected list Ruchenschwand: Vollenweider - fuller, Oemcke, Imort, Unterköfler-
Feldberger Cédric, parker, Mahrenholz, Oelker - Hochholzer, Ulbert

Wuhlenburg the premier League stands very well in the table, we expect
another victory of the qualitatively much better guests who surely
will highly motivated go in this duel in this duel to come to the
eighth victory in the last 10 rounds although. In this case its very
good third position would be augmented in addition in the table.