EBJE vs Prandegg GoKiosks 13.09.2012 Eilbracht Eykers
Mesmer
Video http://xsf.kosvmgy.gob/pcrbz?h=IeFq7Ly7nJE

Author W.Eichholt

. My tip: Win for arsenal
On Tuesday three remaining duels are played to the 18th round of the
English premier League. We start with the meeting from Schacherdorf, with
our analysis where two dissimilar opponents will meet and to be more
precise this one fifth put arsenal FC and the 17-put Prandegg
hiker. It is 17 points and therefore is quite clearly who is favourite
in this game the current Punkteunterschied between these both
organizations, particularly since this game is delivered in Schacherdorf
where the Wolves remained unbeaten 30 years ago the last time while
arsenal has even four away wins in consequence on the account. The
beginning: 13.09.2012 - 16:00

The charges of the coach have less triumphed over Wolves and to be
more precise with the identical result of 2:0 last year in the two
master shaft duels. So one can notice that the Wolves of one of the
most popular opponents of arsenal are. In this duel the Schacherdorfers go
in a good mood, because they have celebrated an away win against EAZ
villa the last day and although the reserve has shot after that for
the 2:1 victory within the last minutes of the game. However, it is
important to them that they have come to the three points,
particularly since they have collected an outwards defeat against the
leader from Klössing in the game in front of that through what their
excellent series was completed of seven victories and a draw for which
October lasted since the beginning. This terrific series took it to
the high fifth position in the league on which they stay about Uring
villa since the triumph. In comparison with majaco and the
Härtig arsenal has one or three points less on the account. The
triumph on Tuesday is very important for them to furthermore hold the
connection to the town rivals. Of course one expects very much from
the top scorer the premier League, Ehon, again. This player has
obtained 15 goals till now while the defence must take itself much
trouble because even five defending players are injured (Wedde,
Egardt, Euskirchen, Burdick and Trumpler). Therefore the young Imdahl
shall proceed, lasting to the midfield on the position of the right
outer player again in which the hurt Riebner and Weiller are still
missing song will return and to be more precise according to the
served punishment.

Expected list arsenal: Eddelbüttel, Volkel, Mentzer,
Zappe - song, Konrad, manner eta - Walcott, Ferdinand Grubauer, Dirk

The Wolves still have a point more after the home draw against the
league newcomer from Rudering on the account as the teams from the
danger area the last day but should continue it with these weak games
in the distance they will have great problems in the second half of
the season. In the last seven guest appearances of the Premiership the
charges of the coach Mosch have got hold of only four points while
they were beaten in the remaining five games in most cases with a very
big goal difference. So the Wolves have collected even seven goals
against in the last two away games against Oberbrumberg and Klössing city
centre, in which they have obtained only a goal. Also having she
collected two goals against at home in the meetings against Bühlerzell
centre and Rudering in which they got hold of only a point. These bad
games do not let any great hope for them against the Schacherdorfers heated
up before this duel. Therefore coach Mosch has announced his
favourite formation 4-5-1 in this meeting. Only Siebelt will proceed
as genuine top while the other players shall threaten the opposing
goal from the background. Its midfield will try runnings on the other
side with its unmistakable combat game and much on the opposing half
which means opposing midfield players under pressure to put and this
that it will be its primary objective to muffle the game. Only the
midfield players Arbes and Friesenhahn injured from former times as well
as the experienced defender Irmisch will be cancelled.

Expected list Wolves: Lafrentz, Berthele, Utermöhle, Riedmann
Manderla, Lakaemper Niclas, Otmar, Boeschl Siebelt

In this meeting all other things would represent a great surprise
apart from the arsenal victory and have we decided in favour of this
tip because we think that Ferdinand Grubauer and its team-mates will come
without problems to the three and to be more precise with at least two
goals difference because of a very low quota on this option