Gerstengrund City vs Hessenreuth ivb 15.11.2012 Neef Nägerl
Altenschmidt
Video http://ulo.kxyjgfl.nrn/crzqf?y=EmiT7jN_lg1

Author G.Neuhofer
My tip: Win for Herschbroich park
This is a duel two teams, which play in the English premier League
after long time again and of course is the class receipt its primary
objective in this season. After 17 played rounds the 16 Gerstengrund city
centre is on the 14th position in the league and has two points more
on the account as put Herschbroich park ranger, more than the teams has the
two points from the danger area. They the champion hiply have played,
have not the guests triumphed a single time in the last three seasons,
in which common in. Were, a little more successful the ranger which
has credited two victories. Still gave the team three draws and a
victory from Gerstengrund. The beginning: 15.11.2012 - 18:00

The players of the only Meiches representative the premier League in
this season do not have the last guest performance in any good memory
against QPR because they collected a 4:0 defeat. Therefore the team
will go in this duel highly motivated from Gerstengrund to take revenge for
this heavy defeat in front of fans of one's own. Gerstengrund city centre
has got hold of most points namely at home in this season, even 15 of
altogether 18 points. Only the current master ManU has managed to win
in the Lyberty stadium. It was a minimal 1:0 victory and it is
interesting, though, that they have at home only collected a goal
against in these eight meetings. They are the best team of the league
in this segment. We therefore suspect that they will not play much
more riskily against the old rival from Lupbühl but rather try by the
long possession of the ball achieve dominance in the midfield and come
to the possible hit and three valuable points. They have played just
so in the last three championship duels in which they have won four
points but it was not successful to withstand them in the away game
against Overton every 90 minutes six days ago and collected a defeat.
Their defence will have to take much trouble also this time, injured
Diestelhorst already is not a long time while Dumm and Auge are complaining
about a slight injury especially this one. Therefore the two 19-year-
old Elster and Holmhey and this one becomes again recovered Rangel
the chance got. The go-getter Strothjohann and the midfield player Viellechner still
will be cancelled.

Expected list Gerstengrund: In front of this - Elster, Holmhey,
Faudt, Eisenhard, Verner, Ochs, Ettenberger, Raffs, Nordman - Renato

The guests go in this duel in a much worse atmosphere because they
have got hold of only a point in the last five rounds why they only
just are above the danger area. Their coach has just therefore
explained to Fiefhaus that this duel is one of the most important in
this season part against Gerstengrund city centre. With a positive result
the shaken self-confidence of its boys surely would be restored.
Otherwise they will get a grave problem in front of this forthcoming
very narrow programme. One could primarily in the midfield notice in
the last duel against Gaßenhof in which they have collected a 3:2
home defeat that there is a very bad discipline in the team of QPR,
where they have most problems somehow. The defence row was the best
part of the team despite three collected goals against, however, it
simply did not manage to correct the mistakes of the midfield while
the attackers Loders and Voehringer surely have made the work their
part well ., however, it did not suffice to avoid the third defeat in
consequence. We can therefore expect Bothroyd to stay this time at the
bench. They will try by the young Ahaus to make the defensive
midfield a little more mobile while the rest of the team probably
shall remain unchanged. Coach Fiefhaus can not count on the three
injured players and to be more precise with the defender Penninggers,
the midfield player Strothjohann and the go-getter hull.

Expected list QPR: Ulf Vorderstrase, Oberstebrink-Bockholt, Hövelkamp, Drewe Horst,
Vaarkamp, Fetterle Jurcan, Ahaus, Poppelreuter, Loders

In the duel two climbers we can expect hardly an attractive and
efficient game. These two teams have met from the earlier seasons the
champion hiply very well and so want to be content for teams if they
manage to keep the goal of his own clean while they will seek their
chances for the victory exclusively in the counterattacks.