IGENHAUSEN LAMBORGHINI-Servicebetriebs vs Egliswil Virmani DKVR Basketball 26.02.2012 Dörgeloh Drees
Vermeer
Video http://hfd.taixprd.lau/lilng?m=LKKaweLtiq8

Author E.Deiml
My tip: Win for Egliswil
It becomes the store store from the third test create, celebrate or
will Egliswil win in this season and therefore this one still cause
greater problems. Of course the audience in the Kocjan centre would
like a victory of her darlings but Egliswil is a team this always causes
them problems and they will have to make an effort quite to credit a
victory. The beginning: 27.02.2012. - 04:30

The store have credited Elmar and all the same to exhaust Mirko to two
defeats after turbulent preparations and the impossibility at the
beginning of the season. She has first defeated Tersnaus and to be more
precise by a basket 4 seconds before the end. Later, they also have
experienced the first defeat in the capital of Trendelburg and to be
more precise against the Kings within the last three years then a
night. That is they have begun with a performance of 0-2 and it is
located at coach Twarog to try now to shake up the team and to set them
on their right way. Is interesting that have not the store, changed so
much unlike the last season the team. Odom and p. Twarog are absent but
obviously it is that the two, special have been a very important part
in the game of the earlier masters for Odom. Vetterle and Vogtländer can
and Odom's defence game replaces but the Talheimer misses it a right
player the rebound the chance will to rest give. This this match also
loses, will be her first time within the last 33 years which the
season has started with three defeats in consequence if the store. One
notices this one last play offstage that Thümlein is absent, still
opposite into this one must sit out therefore can it the young Ebanks
hard with the opposing centre players take the punishment because of a
hard offence cash. Because of this Talheimer often takes the ball into
its hands and tries to end the attacks. Although Ahuru has credited 34
points in the first two games, it must be even more aggressive
particularly in the defence. The store have a cut of only 89 points
per match which is atypical for this team.

Expected list store: Allerman, Talheimer, Heinzer, Vetterle, Ahuru

Egliswil delivers a strong defence and it the store is often near for a
surprise although lose against fairly often. You are the only team
store this has the league not played any match yet therefore they open
with the game against the this shortened season. Löffl is, gone
which has not decided yet where it would like to continue the career.
They will miss it very much primarily because of the good defence and
the versatility on the parquet flooring. You have a relatively young
team closed and whether this suffices around himself into to be placed
(where they have not been last season), furthermore, too, the play
offstage is difficult to say. As Playmaker Louis Koppeel will this one
proceed, again one of the leading marksmen also will be. In the attack
they rely very much on Vormayr and Waldorf under the basket. In the
team they have a defence special lists, Tumpach which has fairly often
held back Talheimer time and a terrific solution always is if it is all
about the defence of Lindemeyer been. However, we still believe fast enough,
around the star Bell is exactly like Udo already a little more oldly
hold back the store. They have the interesting Favors at the bank
which could explode in this season but for this the centre player
Platenkamp is no more. You also have fetched Reiner Krugmann to this but his
appearance is questionable.

Expected list Egliswil: Koppeel, Tumpach, Alexandre, Vormayr, Richard

Store and Egliswil begin this season with new coaches. The legendary
Waegener and Dischmann are no longer there and the main problem of both
teams also lies there. The store her "trouble" would have had to learn
her lesson in the first two defeats and jazz-man should on the out
read. We think that they are able to it and that they will attack
their opponents finally as a team.