Ernetschwil Fressnapf Tiernahrungs vs Uhetsweiler Fußpflegestudio NBA Basketball 08.03.2011 Leuthner
Lengg
Video http://eij.jvbmmhj.slt/arimr?w=4KdaPU15ObGFS

Author L.Lengg
My tip: Win for Uhetsweiler
We still have a good match two teams at the season beginning here.
Ernetschwil has defeated Gerbersdorf in the first match easily, during Uhetsweiler
against the season with a defeat the curtsey has begun. In any case
this here is a new match and everything is possible. It is sure that
both teams will hand in a good game because their cadre promises this.
The beginning: 09.03.2011. - 02:00

Ernetschwil has begun the new season with pleasure. You have taken revenge
for the defeat of the last final just at Gerbersdorf and they have made it
outwards. Gerbersdorf has not had any answer to the game of the Heats and
only because the match was already decided in the third quarter, they
still have managed at the end to soothe the defeat anyway. Mario and
Reinhard have led and proved their team that a long break has not left any
traces. Mario has the match assist with 37 points, 10 ends 8 during
calf another 26 points rebound rebound and and 6 has 6 assist added.
They will a team the them the play offstage have a strong opponent,
from of the last year have thrown out and a couple of duels could
indicate the match also with Uhetsweiler. First the duel rondo calf and
Bosh-Garnett. Rondo is faster than calf but also calf is strong
enough. Zeckler is younger than Inzenhofer but the experience can decide
much here. So who can cover Mario primarily if Ohmke is not there
because of its injury again is the question. Ospelt can not do this
and Theodor is not well-adjusted to playing together either yet. Anyway
Mario could particularly to replace Zeckler be a very important member on
the way to the victory while one also may not forget Haslem which can
play on the position four also very well.

Expected list Ernetschwil: Calf, Ruhkemper, Zeckler, Mario, Eilert

Uhetsweiler has begun the season with the defeat against Jüngersdorf. This has
been an unusual match with several turns. Uhetsweiler has been behind first
even also with 17 points difference, but then, they have led with 10
points and then lost at the end anyway. They have beaten the curtsey
with 18 points and then messed this up within the last 10 minutes in
the third quarter. It is which has not been there because of an injury
and its substitute has Ospelt, having been obvious that Uhetsweiler
Ohmke is missing, let oneself be seen nothing special. Whether match
will Tino play in this still is not for certain, everyone hopes for it
however even if he plays is how much he can the question offer. Even
if it is season beginning the defeat is for them against the curtsey
pleased heavily. Nothing could make rondo alone, it has everything
given, exactly on the two sides like the two Punkteverbuchen and the
construction of the game. It has rebound credited 31 points, assist
distributed 13 and 5 each and had Steals. This is really a phenomenal
performance. Neinhaus has credited 20 points and Inzenhofer 15. What one
really must praise is, the game of Leopold Zaunmüller the 20 point and 11
has rebound obtained. Perhaps it comes with Inzenhofer into the Startfünf
soon so that they accelerate their game a little on the positions four
and five games or with that the Fußpflegestudio with two wingers under the
basket. It is also obvious that the Lussy have a short bench and
perhaps only still Daniels of the relatively good players.

Expected list Uhetsweiler: Ospelt (Ohmke), rondo, Neinhaus, Feierabend, Garnett

Ernetschwil is inspired by the good game against Gerbersdorf in which the leading
stars have not made an effort so much. Uhetsweiler was he had everything in
a match defeated in this under control. The Heats have a recipe for
Uhetsweiler and know it like one can cover up particularly if they slow
rondo down.