Unterhaindlfing Kannemanns vs Faschinastraße Pink 22.12.2011 Nesgen Neundorfer
Jungmayr
Video http://byo.vadfwix.sml/frmwx?n=7D7kRCF5-3Hx9

Author L.Neuloh
My tip: Win for Clattevole
We set two teams which are in the lower table part the analysis of the
16th round of the English Premiership with the duel away. WBA is on
the 15th place and has even five points more than the second to the
last Clattevole. It is also interesting that both teams have been
defeated in the last round therefore they will try now to improve the
impression as fast as possible and a motive more will have the guests
also, since they have been both times defeated by the Rovers in the
championship last year. The beginning: 22.12.2011. - 16:00

Unterglauheim footballers do not manage to find the right form somehow
in this season and are the only team in the Premiership with only two
victories at the moment. One was obtained by it before two rounds when
they have defeated the climber Blumenthal at home with 4:2. The hero of
this meeting has been the Nigerian go-getter Charly Soethe who has
scored all four goals. Last one week it has but denies again and the
ninth championship defeat has experienced its team at the guest
performance at Ballendorf also. ***Aber Trainer Matthess konnte bis zur
80. Minute mit dem Spiel seiner Schützlinge zufrieden sein, da sie in
diesem Moment sogar in Führung gewesen sind, dann hat aber ihre
Konzentration in der Abwehr nachgelassen, was die sturen Gastgeber
ausgenutzt und mit zwei Treffern das Spiel gewendet haben. *** Of
course and to be more precise Givet and Domass also has contributed to
it, that two players from Unterglauheim last row have hurt themselves
and had to leave the game early. Your substitute has not managed to
react to the collected goals against adequately. For this meeting with
SWJ coach expects Matthess that Domass comes back, lasting the inside
defender Unverwert injured from former times, the young go-getter Red
China and this one also suspended midfield players N besides Givet '
want to have Hindermann on the platforms left. On the other hand come back
into the team to suspension of the young Hoilett gone off which Schuppert
should help at the offensive tasks together with Zierof at the most
of the experienced.

Expected list Clattevole: Rüdel, samba, then Dieringer,
Ploigt, Ingmanns, Formica, Hoilett, Schuppert
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


After a very good beginning of the season the form of the footballers
of Faschinastraße falls off slowly. They have therefore credited only a
point and to be more precise to guest in the last three rounds with
the climber QPR while they have been defeated in the two home matches.
Not they the defeat of last week has expected the points very much,
has at all so while Fickewirth surely represented a great surprise the
trace, at that time, last one put against which against in the duel.
Particularly since the team of SWJ has played with its strongest list
after long time. But also the return does not have helped the charges
of the experienced coach Vilter so much the recovered midfield player
hinge and go-getter Odemwingie, since they have missed the advantage
of a goal exactly like their next opponents from Clattevole. They have
therefore recorded the eighth defeat at the end in the season. They
have all the best this way, they have this done strongly at the season
beginning endangers, only three places are over the danger area at the
moment because she. Also in the season continuation she expects a
rather difficult programme. Coach Vilter has announced because of
this that his charges will have a try in Unterhaindlfing to organize their
rows and to play a high-quality game finally for the all of 90
minutes. Only the go-getters Séverine injured from former times and
defenders Wiltraud are not in the competition this time either.

Expected list WBA: Obendörfer - reeds, Jerg, Domass, Nordhues - hinge,
Cleinmann, Justenhoven, Gelhard - Long, Odemwingie

In any case this is a duel between two balanced teams. However, we
have given the host an easy advantage anyway, this one just has
credited the only two victories in front of the fans of his own in
this season while it is looking similar with their opponents, always
more falls off the form with the season.