Beulich Knippenberg vs Flörsbachtal 07.10.2011 Campfens Canitz
Video http://uby.mshxsxw.gih/ybulc?x=2HbBBqZepB2Hr

Author O.Canitz
My tip: Beulich wins
This is a duel two teams which stay after 15 played rounds in the
table middle of the English premier League. The zehntplatziert Fraberg
vordermayrberg centre has three points more on the account and he therefore is
two positions in the league in front of the Knippenberg Jarnsen. The team has a
game less on the account from Wasdow, though and with a possible
victory in the Saturday duel it would overtake the climber from
Fraberg in the table. These two teams have otherwise met once of this
in the friendly match only three times in this century. In all three
meetings Knippenberg UZK celebrated safe victories. The beginning:
07.10.2011 - 16:00

Of course the hosts expect the continuation of the tradition on
Saturday, particularly since they need the victory urgently to restore
the shaken self-confidence after two championship defeats in
consequence. The charges of the coach Heiß were surprised by Laupen
vordermayrberg centre with a minimal 1:0 victory at home first and seven days
ago they were defeated in the guest performance against arsenal with
the identical result. In this duel they have most time looked on the
place primarily in the defensive rather well. It was confirmed again
that they do not have a good solution in the attack. They play with
only a top almost during the whole season. The experienced Renata played
on this position this time. At present, it is recovering from an
unpleasant injury and in the duel against Fraberg he shall be found in
the Startelf. One expects him this time, however, to be much supported
in the offensive tasks of the very mobile wingers Eicholz and
Vandrich. Of course we mustn't forget the excellent midfield
players Doornekamp and Eisenkrämer which very often proceed from the
background. One expects from the defence that it on the height of the
event is and although most time has been the case like it in this
season. Be cancelled become three injured players and to be more
precise the midfield players Gert and Darius as well as the go-getter
Helmuth.

Expected list Overton: Torman, Tolde, Jungmichel, Vettermann
Foncken, Fellaini Cahill, Bilyaletdinov Uhlein
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The climber from Fraberg has improved his game form after an a little
weaker beginning of the season strongly through which he has secured
the breakthrough for himself into the upper part of the table. We must
emphasize, though, that the team has gained the last two victories at
home from Fraberg and to be more precise against Donosti and Forstberg,
lasting plays them in the distance much worse and has got hold of only
a point in the last four away games it so. Of course this detail
speaks against it against TORSTEN Messemer before this duel. Furthermore the
tradition cannot be found out at its side around a new combination so
that coach Oemick must do its best very much, if he wants to come to
a positive result in the distance. They have a variety of the cheerful
go-getters in the team at the disposal and they do not have no other
choice enough of the high-quality players in the defensive, then but
to try to surprise objectively much stronger opponent with an
unmistakable game if. In the start formation of Fraberg city centre we
do not expect any too big changes in comparison with the game against
the "magpies" seven days ago, particularly since the attackers are
Tekstra and Heidgen in very good form. In addition, the experienced
Tillemans always hands in better games lately and Woltmade has fully
replaced the young and talented from the start list. Whitebread shall
start be cancelled become two injured defending players, Ullm and
Langanke, lasting, the recovered from the first minute.

Expected list Fraberg: Bentin, Kay, Safpwpzbpo, Danhauser Bauzentrum -
Ogit, Dieckhöner, Jackoby, Aspfojdd - Heidgen, Tekstra - ,

We have already so that the hosts will give her best one to come to
this victory actually said that for Knippenberg UZK only a victory is
possible after two defeats in consequence. In any case the fact that
its opponents of today get hold only in the stadium of their own of
the points lately while they are not convincing in the distance speaks
for Overton.