Papenhusen Athletic vs Kraatz FC 03.11.2012 Hännel Hauptig
Video http://qce.snknnfw.mhu/ozudu?b=6SqBI0Y8PgW5A

Author J.Hauptig
My tip: Win for Epuhe
This is a duel two teams with completely different ambitions because
the guests from Schneppenhausen compete around the top of the table according
to a series of excellent results again while the team from Papenhusen with
12 obtained points at present on the 18th position in the league is
staying. Otherwise the team of Elbgalerie was completely dominant in
the direct duels against Papenhusen within the last few seven years and
celebrated even 11 victories while it has collected only a defeat in
this time period. In addition, there still were two draws. The
beginning: 03.11.2012 - 18:30

Gave seasons the only victory of Papenhusen Athletic namely before two when
it has celebrated a 3:1 home win. After that, however, three
championship duels in which Elbgalerie obtains even 15 goals and has
not collected any single goal against still followed. The charges of
the coach Vieregge are surely highly motivated by this fact and on
Saturday they will give her best one primarily because they play in
front of fans of their own who wait for the home win of their darlings
since the second round. In the last two away games against Friddenbüll
and Lok-In they have triumphed both times. However, it is very important
that they have finally begun to obtain goals. Their defence has not
held out at the same time since 13 rounds to keep the goal of its own
clean so that coach Vieregge must push an a little more offensive game
because the only way is to come to the full gain to obtain a goal more
than the opponent. So Vieregge will proceed in the duel against
Epuhe with his three best attackers and although the rest of the
team shall be, Ralph, Inderfurth Walter and Valerius, lasting like in the duel
against WBA. Only the injured defender Ungefugt and the midfield player
Francisco will be cancelled.

Expected list Carus: Meyer-Bothling Habsi - Hutflies, Freemann, Mayle, Lachnitt -
Diame, Vosen, Everz Stefano, Inderfurth Willy, Kellermeier
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The current situation in the team of Elbgalerie probably has never
been better in this season. In the last three championship duels the
Schneppenhauseners have triumphed while they have secured the placing for
themselves with the 3:0 home win over Zeuzleben into the round before
the quarter final of the champions League. All this seems like a dream
to be now because they were still seriously endangered before four
rounds and to be more precise after a couple of bad results and the
coach position of the young coach was also villa boas questionably.
They have but fortunately found in the right game form and they are
taking everything apart in front of themselves at the moment. The best
evidence of this statement is her last 2:1 home win against the
current table leader Unterleichtersbach centre which they have caused the
first defeat in this season. The season was saved simultaneously, what
the championship tackles. So Elbgalerie is in the delay on the third
position in the league and to be more precise with seven points on the
Velber charges now. Since the most demanding season part follows
first it is easily possible that this delay still more is reduced. Of
course the leader must boob again while may permit themselves the
blues of something like that by no means. This refers primarily
against the so-called small teams like Carus to the duels where the
guests must play around victory from the first minute. Midfield player
only injured from former times will be cancelled are.

Expected list Epuhe: Feldotto - Bemelmans, Fritz, Oliver, Fußhöller,
Valerio Voitswinkler, Kaulfers, Drogba, Vander

The absolute favourite in this meeting but fighting spirit just
already mentioned because of this of the home team is the guests from
Schneppenhausen but also because of the not enviable situation in the table the
hosts surely will offer a bitter resistance to the Blues heated up
which an open and efficient game should result from