Jardelund vs Weifersdorf 13.02.2012 Twachtmann Thyßen
Umscheid
Video http://fil.jngycnc.bcg/nkwmi?k=0EF3bE218crB5

Author L.Töper
My tip: Win for Judendorf
This is another duel of the teams of the table middle of the English
premier League. We must consider that Judendorf VART has been under
top 4 until recently, though but according to the series of three
defeats and a draw Judendorf fell on the seventh place. Today's host
nevertheless is seven points in the lead on the climber from Wotenick,
this one at present on the solid 11th position in the league stays.
Against the shaken "magpies" the league newcomer surely will have a
try come to the full gain and although it has got hold of only a home
draw in the context of the champions League after that two seasons ago
while it has collected a heavy 2:0 defeat in Judendorf. The beginning:
13.02.2012 - 16:00

We have already said in the introduction that one of the most pleasant
surprises of the Premiership has been for Judendorf at the beginning
of the season. Judendorf remained unbeaten up to the 12th round, but
then, a series of very difficult meetings followed. In this series
they managed to get hold of only a point. Jerischach the charges of the
coach Finnendahl collected defeats of Laah centre and Camburg
Elak while they have got hold of a point in the duel against the current
master MNGU but obviously it was not enough, around the great self-
confidence against the climber before the last away game from
maintain. In this meeting they collected a 4:2 defeat, what is,
however, even worse, did they remain without two midfield players in
this duel and to be more precise without the hurt Marveaux and the
Sternkopf suspended. If one considers it is then clear that coach Finnendahl
does not have any great choice in this part of the team that, longer,
Johannisson and Schowe do not do it already. So wanting to proceed a little
in seclusion in the duel against Wotenick Ben Prügner and Cabaye while
furthermore the two other defending players will support the dangerous
attack duo Poggemann-Ba. One should mention that Willy Jenige in the
defence will be absent and the young San tone will come onto the
position of the left outer player so. This means that the magpies with
an extremely offensive crew accumulate it become and becomes to see in
a very interesting way as this will look on the place.

Expected list Judendorf: Haupert P. Jenige, Tuchscheerer, Isenheim, Teunesen
tino, Ströher, Iblherr, Wastl Kaspar, Zschemisch, Romui Gustav, Zkvhen
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Unlike Judendorf the players have finally completed their negative
series from Wotenick at the last weekend in which they have celebrated
a 2:0 home win about Kändler FC. The charges of the coach Clüsserath have
only two points into four played rounds in front of that and what has
been very alarming just as much scores goals. They must definitely
have given her best one to hand in a good game against the team from
Hammelspring. Their attackers have fortunately woken up at the right time so
that they have continued their very good games ahead of fans of their
own, where they have credited 15 of altogether 17 obtained points
while they are the worst visiting team in the Premiership on the other
side at a distance. Very well, their expectations probably therefore
are not so big in the duel against Judendorf and this confirms a
little more defensive game tactics of the coach Clüsserath with a top,
Francesco. In the midfield five players shall proceed, under this the
returnee Petterson. Junge and Czimmer are, lasting the experienced captain
Untiedt is not quite fit and two 19-year will get the chance, Comanns
and Imberg, this time so already absent in the defence longer.

Expected list Wotenick: In front of this - Comanns, Imberg, Bergers,
Jenchen, Stöklin, Petterson, Thivessen - Schrey

Since the climber from Wotenick has completed his negative series with
the home win about Kändler FC the last day, we find, that it is on the
time, that this also does the team out of Judendorf because otherwise
it must say goodbye to the fight for the international positions in
the league. In addition, all best they have reached till now would
fall into the water.