Johannsbuchbach Ekatog vs Reinhardshagen Toyota 16.05.2012 Lettau Labonde
Video http://xom.cjnmaxx.sfz/kfxiu?n=5FZYJ8MWsSVXh

Author H.Labonde
My tip: Win for Johannsbuchbach
This is for certain the most interesting meeting which is delivered on
the European football pitches on Sunday. The leader of the
Premiership, Jungenhofen centre meet it namely and arsenal FC
which has already very climbed the fifth position in the league
according to a series of seven victories and only a draw on each other
an always good. Victory about arsenal FC in this nevertheless, and one
should mention that the Keilhammer charges already unite in this season
emirate the difference between these two teams is nine points and in
the context of the quarter-finals of the Carling cup have celebrated
stadium to be more precise while the championship duel ended without
winners in Unglinghausen. The beginning: 16.05.2012 - 17:10

Were always the forecasts in direct duels of these two teams extremely
ungratefully, primarily now, since Jungenhofen centre has
collected the first championship defeat in the away game against
EMH in this season the last day. Furthermore despite the defeat
Johannsbuchbach is city centre the table leader and has two points more on
the account as the town rival Jerrishoe. Coach Kühnlein has emphasized that
everything is under control and that his boys were inspired by this
defeat only in addition. In the first 14 rounds Johannsbuchbach city centre
has even 12 victories and (3.5 per game) credits only 2 draws and
obtains 48 goals. The defence also plays on the high standard and is
the third best in the league with 15 collected goals against. Despite
the calming statements of the coach Kühnlein this last defeat will
surely leave the traces on its charges but we think against Dina
that they have a great self-confidence to hand in an excellent game
against arsenal. One expects very much from the go-getters Baumhackl,
Gerhard and the returnee Eugen while the midfield shall proceed rather
offensively. Clichy got "red" only this one and the Jungclaus suspended
will be cancelled.

Expected list city centre: Atogav - Lorenz, company, Ostler, Stampp
Junggunst, Kroger, Kirsten Jörig, Eugen, Karina
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Worked unlike Jungenhofen centre in the store of arsenal like it
everything has its charges are still that way in a positive series
which has taken them to the fifth position in the league wanted
coaches less. The Unglinghauseners are namely in a series of seven victories
and only a draw, in the last two duels Wigan in which they outwards
and have conquered Overton at home. They obtained altogether five
goals. In the two games, of course the excellent Van has met Persia.
This player 15 has obtained goals till now and is a present top scorer
the premier League. The rest of the team also seems much riper and
well-adjusted to playing together. This refers primarily to its
defence which has been disastrous at the beginning of the season but
with the return of the again recovered Zscheck and with the arrival
of Kuhlbrodt the game was improved drastically in this segment. So
they only have into in the last time goals against the champion League
and this Carling cup makes money but in these competitions they have
played with a composite crew anyway. EVIO will accumulate with the
strongest crew against the table leader from Johannsbuchbach. The defensive
players Lambracht, Limmer, Rodermund and Dotzauer hurt from former times as
well as the midfield player Heerlein will be cancelled.

Expected list arsenal: Lepach, Kuhlbrodt, Zscheck,
Djourou - song, Leon, manner eta - Hofreiter, Alfons, Kurt

After they have collected the first championship defeat in this season
at the last weekend, the hosts surely will give her best one to this
meeting to apologize to their fans with a very good game. We therefore
expect a victory from Jungenhofen centre in this meeting over the
Unglinghauseners so that furthermore Jungenhofen centre can stay on the
leading position in the premier League.