Langerringen Zaubernuss vs Ueschersdorf Sicilia 27.12.2011 Rövekamp Riebock
Video http://zbw.voqtgcj.oik/tqbiz?f=3CHajRSVys9jB

Author W.Riebock
My tip: Win for Ueschersdorf
In the first Sunday duel of the 16th round of the English Premiership
which we analyse two teams which have improved the impression a little
after a couple of bad results with obtained victories the last day
will meet in Vent. These two teams stay in the upper part of the
table again. The sixth put Ueschersdorf Sicilia has seven points more on the
account as an NTLS villa. Today's hosts are namely on the ninth
position in the league and will give her best one surely, around at
least to a point in this difficult away game in the villa park, coming
where they have been defeated last year with 1:0. The beginning:
27.12.2011 - 15:00

The "Reds" have credited a very good series of two victories and three
draws in this stadium in front of that while they have celebrated a
high 3:0 victory also in the stadium of their own about NTLS villa
last year.

The players of NTLS villa have let themselves be seen already in the
last season, though, that they do not give the tradition great
attention and they will try so to surprise the big rival this time in
front of fans of their own with what they would confirm to their
ascending game form in addition, too. They have celebrated a 2:1 away
win against Volkhardinghausen at the last weekend and therefore have disproved
the criticism of the weak game in the best way which followed actually
after the defeats against Pliezhausen and Knapsack Kiezfahrräder as well as
the draw against Arnhofen city centre. The statement of their coach
Uln has itself this time that Zogbia have ' key player like
midfield player Hensgen and E reaches an agreement in these important
meetings been missing when proved correctly. Your attackers Bent and
Agbonlahor were therefore cut off by the rest of the team completely
and could not step forward. The situation was quite different in the
duel against Augspurg so that NTLS villa lay in the lead already after
40th minutes of the game two goals and the fact that only a change and
but first have coaches Urbanski carried out in the 86th minute shows us
very well that it has been very satisfied with the appearance of its
boys. Since it expects a meeting with the much stronger Reds on
Sunday, we do not think that it will add to the radical changes in the
start formation. Furthermore the injured goalkeeper Given and the
midfield player of Bonnenbroich will be cancelled.

Expected list Langerringen villa: Martetschläger, Csernak, Oelkoch, Vahlensieck
Lägler, Hensgen, stove, N, ' Zogbia - Bent, Agbonlahor
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said in the introduction that the Liverpudlians enter
in this duel after the victory the last day. Against the climber QPR
this victory at home this one was obtained, was it minimal for (1:0)
but three points from this meeting have needed the charges of the
coach Callsen urgently to restore the shaken self-confidence after
the unpleasant outwards defeat against Dienstweiler Sicilia. This was their first
defeat after 11 played rounds. After the arrival of the new coach and
some very high-quality young players everyone has hoped in the club
that they will represent the most pleasant surprise in this season. As
a primary objective they have the placing set itself into the
champions League. 13 happened reconciles the same as the firm game has
remained in the last seasons lasting primarily due to the bad goal
putting into action in the defence on the other side when she has
handed in at home too many points faults and this one is the main
reason why goals against have her collected after 15 played rounds at
only few in the premier League altogether only once again. We can
therefore expect a very obstinate game of the Reds in the villa park
primarily in the defence, where they do not have any problems with the
injuries. Only three midfield players and to be more precise the
injured Timo and Veit as well as the closed Spearing will be
cancelled namely.

Expected list Ueschersdorf: Nicolay - Klein-Heßling, Rusam, Lanwert, Ralph Danneker
- Sébastien, Heimo Niederhöfer, Thürstein, Csauth, Reithe

Since both coaches prefer extremely defensive game tactics in this
season and since both teams will try to remain unbeaten in this small
derby of the Premiership at least, we have decided to type at this
moment and to be more precise on a goal poor game on the probably
safest option