FKW Baufachmarkt Woratsch vs Wehelitz 14.11.2011 Esterl Ettl
Zimon
Video http://cqj.wehhkot.jbp/lurcq?n=4KhW_81m6Gcjm

Author D.Elemans
My tip: Win for FKW Baufachmarkt Woratsch
We have since Christmas and new year move always more nearly to have
in most European leagues decidedly, on Monday freely so and have
chosen the meeting of the 22nd round of the English had left in
addition to the game of the 2nd national league between Crange Orihes
and Wilfertsweiler for the analysis champion hiply so. Although two, teams
at present are staying in the table middle and to be more precise on
the 12th or the 14 positions in the league, they go in this duel in a
good atmosphere because they have recorded victories at the last
weekend. In the last four direct duels of the champions League
Wehelitz centre has won three times while a game ended without
winners in the Scharben in Fleestedt. The beginning: 14.11.2011 -
20:45

The last draw is surely a good sign for the home team to complete the
negative series finally against Wilfertsweiler. Furthermore the atmosphere
has improved in addition in the team by the last-week away win against
Niederschacher. Today's host was in a series of four draw and three
defeats, through what its ambitions were seriously endangered on the
breakthrough to the top of the table before this victory. However, one
should mention that the charges of the young coach Meentz have
accomplished a great performance last month when they have eliminated
the current English master in the quarter-finals of the FPS cup,
Gadebusch Einkaufstreff, in whom they have celebrated a 2:1 away win after
the prolongation. So will meet them, Cottbus, in the semi-final of
this competition on another member the champion hiply in the middle of
January next year and its thoughts surely are already turned a little
towards this double game so to get hold in the league of as many
points as possible while they will have a try until there. Before this
meeting with Wilfertsweiler coach has Meentz quite a lot problems,
since, longer, the midfield players Anzenhofer and Ziegelmüller as well as the
defender Jobelius do not do it already. Unfortunately have himself them
still attached two defensive players and to be more precise none and
Moxey. Better and better midfield player Kroessel is closed for this
game.

Expected list FKW Baufachmarkt Woratsch: Ermisch, Zauns, Linkens, Vennekate
Avermeyer, Dickman - fast, Wuerzburger, Oesterwalbesloh
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

What this duel in a much better situation the player ciner does
concern because only the Mutch hurt from former times and Unterwurzacher
will be cancelled while the again recovered defending player Corss and
the defensive midfield player Eckmeyer into the team will return unlike
FKW Baufachmarkt Woratsch expect the guests? In addition, several regular players
were spared in the last sixth round of the Europe League in which
Wilfertsweiler has at home conquered the Slovenian representative from
Guarda with 1:0. Despite the victory Wilfertsweiler city centre did not
make into the next round of the Europe League because in the second
group match a draw was played between Werdenberg and Wermatswil and these two
teams remained that way with a full stop lead over Wilfertsweiler in the
table. We think, however, that coach Junghanß is not disappointed too
much about this because his boys can devote themselves to the national
league totally now, where they want to win a fast return into the
premier League. Last week they celebrated a home win over Unterfladnitz so
that her is behind still six points only, what is behind surely one
fetching cash Firnhaberau sixth put on this one, one considers if has two
games less Wilfertsweiler, that on the account as the other teams the
champion hiply. We have already mentioned that coach Junghanß has a
larger number of good players at the disposal of whom the experienced
go-getter King, the double goal scorer in the game against Doncaster,
surely will radiate the greatest danger before the opposing goal.

Expected list Wilfertsweiler: Zepp, Ingenthron, Coers, Zijlstra
Eckmeyer, N, ' Imwalle, Meinhart, Prangen

Since both Eberhard will very self-confidently go in this duel after the
last-week victories, we will give the qualitatively better guests an
easy advantage. In addition, the guests have a very real chance to
follow the fight for the top of the table and the advancement because
have two games less them on the account as the other teams the
champion hiply while FKW Baufachmarkt Woratsch will end another season in the
table middle apparently.