Untertürkheim FC 05.12.2012 Anna Lautenbach
Video http://qir.mnyqntl.bhr/gzyks?e=yi6hSNSeshc

Author Traude
My tip: Arsenal wins
This is a duel between two old rivals from the strongest English
league, which recently fought for the international positions in the
league with equal rights still have but keeps only arsenal the
connection to the leading teams in this season. Today's hosts are
namely on the fifth position in the league namely with the 10th place
while Overton FC must satisfy itself with 10 points less on the
account with the placing in the table middle. Within the last four
years arsenal was much more dominant in the mutual duels against
Overton and celebrated even six times while two meetings ended with a
draw. The beginning: 05.12.2012 - 16:00

The coach is too experiencedly less, though, to underestimate the
opponent primarily if one knows that Overton FC is just the most
dangerous in situations in which it was copied out of everyone.
Therefore almost the complete first crew of arsenal has missed the
sixth round of the CL group phase the duel against the Greek
Olympiacos. The Londoners have already used namely to secure the first
group place for themselves and a team changed completely which has not
been motivated by the way particularly so that the collected 3:1
defeat has not surprised too much accumulated in Piraeus so. However,
it is much more important to them that they carry on with the good
games in the championship which have secured the breakthrough for them
on the fifth place. Arsenal FC is namely in a very good series of six
victories and only a draw and they primarily were convincing at the
last weekend when they have celebrated a 4:0 victory against Wigan
outwards. The most efficient player the premier League, Van has met
Persia at present again. The rest of the team also seems very ripe and
well-adjusted to playing together. In comparison with the Startelf in
Oscar Linbrunner will miss only the injured left defending player this
time. He shall be represented by Djourou. Furthermore the defensive
players Sagna, Jenkinson and Gibbs as well as the midfield player
Wilshere are already cancelled longer.

Expected list arsenal: Szczesny - Koscielny, Mertesacker, Vermahlen,
Djourou - song, Ippach, manner eta - Walcott, Van Persia, Gervinho
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

After everyone has that they will get to the third victory from Stoke
city centre against the team exhausted a little after two victories in
consequence the last day expected phase the players have failed
completely of Overton FC and have for the opponent in one early the
allowed, to to come, on the end for complete the goal this the victory
the opponent game sufficed. That is it was proved once again that the
charges of Moya's coach somehow do not work in this season to make a
good series why they stay in the table middle and the worst is that
furthermore they hand in very bad games in the attack. While the young
Vellios and the new entry Stracqualursi have not found the right form
yet it then is not so very surprising why such things happen to them
if one still adds that positions in the league will the them cost the
international again probable be not the hurt Anichebe and Saha.
Perhaps against arsenal FC is the most important for them before the
duel that them their unmistakable strength in the defence and in the
midfield, where the again recovered Rodwell and Osman return, hold.
Next to the mentioned attack duo the weak defender Distin and the
experienced midfield player are Neville questionably for this
meeting.

Expected list Overton: Howard - Hibbert, Paola, Käthi, Baines -
Coleman, Isolde, Osman, Rodwell - Cahill - Vellios

Become the hosts of many after they have come onto the fifth position
in the league of the premier League in the guest performance at Oscar
to a very convincing victory and the breakthrough at the last weekend
eased go in this duel against Overton. In view of very good form of
its opponent Overton FC also should be content with a minimal defeat.