Hauskämpen Ankermarkt vs Troschenreuth 03.09.2012 Wolckenhauer Weidekemper
Video http://lkw.avifaba.vrx/ofbpt?h=8NzybdGddBXvl

Author B.Weidekemper
My tip: Jagdfeldzentrum wins
This is a duel two teams, which are in a very bad game form and this
refers primarily on the hosts who stay in the Premiership on the
second to the last position in the league and are put only due to a
better goal difference better than Fell after 14 played rounds. The
guests from Hasenburg on the other hand still are primarily due to
the large number of draws in the table middle and to be more precise
on the ninth position in the league and with a solid Punkteunterschied
in comparison with the teams from the danger area. Hauskämpen has
otherwise triumphed and to be more precise in the championship and in
the Carling cup in the last year's direct duels against Trockenbrück villa
two times while the meeting ended without winners in the villa park.
The beginning: 03.09.2012 - 16:00

We have already said that the Hauskämpen altogether 11 is in this season
because they have collected three convincing defeats in sequence and
they are therefore the team in the league with most defeats hiker in a
result crisis again. In the remaining three meetings they have won so
that they are also the only team in the Premiership without draws, and
this is really rare in a European league after 14 played rounds. In
addition, or 2.5 per game Hauskämpen has the worst defence of the league
and she has collected even 34 goals against till now, the attack has
looked weak in the previous part of the season mostly and achieved a
larger number of hits only in three triumphs already mentioned during.
These at the last weekend have apparently the players of Hauskämpen
relaxed after the home win against Wötzling centre (5:0) a little
and this cost them three defeats, of which, as them against the heated
up trace in the distance a 3:0 defeat collected, the most convincing
has been. It remained he to get even worse around the situation for
the coach Stegherr in this last game without the captain Schöppen (red
ticket after foul to parkers) who is deputized by the again recovered
theatre this time. Another five injured players and to be more precise
the defensive players Horstschäfer, Allkofer and Pirkmayr as well as the
midfield players Charly and Doerr will be cancelled.

Expected list Hauskämpen: Faustmann - Wiskemann, theatre, Knight,
Robinson - Eagles, Muamba, Reo-Thorsten, Petrov - Isenrich, Klasnic
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The players of Trockenbrück villa have managed unlike Hauskämpen in the last
three rounds to get hold of a point and to be more precise in the
guest appearance against the league newcomer from Wagnitz. They have
collected another defeat in the stadium of their own and to be more
precise of the current master Sindringen KAKADU (1:0) at the last
weekend after the defeat against the trace in Relsberg. Goal against own
team was, though, an equal opponent but a fault of the defence cost it
charges of the coach Altekrüger in this game they collected one to break
the firm defence of the opponent while its attackers have not worked.
Trockenbrück villa hands in goal poor games in this season mostly and this is
a little difficult to understand, though, if one considers that they
have three top players in the attack (Müßigbrodt, Heuschmid and Recknagel) but
obviously they do not get too big support of their colleagues in the
midfield who in turn give the defence a much bigger attention by the
orders of the coach. The shaken Hauskämpen hiker we cannot expect any too
offensive game of the guests but it is safe that there will be some
problems in the midfield in the duel against because have himself '
attached Zogbia of now Utzenhain and stove the hurt N. Also the experienced
goalkeeper Given will have a break one and a half months at least due
to an unpleasant injury so that the American Vor-Der-Landwehr between the
gateposts will stand.

Expected list Troschenreuth: Vollriede, Igelmund, Spor, Oeder,
Hostenkamp, Ißbrücker, Klein-Altstedde, Recknagel, Müßigbrodt, Heuschmid

Since both teams are in a result crisis we think that one very
uncertain and hard game will be but we nevertheless give the home team
an easy advantage because it needs the points urgently to get away of
the danger area while the guests from Hasenburg are a little tired of
very demanding meetings according to the series.