Kreut Awen vs Strauben Backspielhaus' 14.11.2012 Lüthgens Leiblein
Hässelbarth
Video http://moy.mpaxtsg.jxy/zekny?k=1RPvwfevRBoML

Author R.Linbrunner
My tip: Strauben wins
The derby of the lower part of the table of the English premier League
is played in Kreut this time where the team of the same name will
greet the guests at home from Strauben. Kreut Awen is, lasting on
the 17th position in the league with a point under Kreut is less
immediate for the Strauben Rovers. The tradition also is besides this
small Punktevorsprung on the side of the hosts because they have
triumphed over Steppacher in this stadium in the last two seasons both
times while both duels ended without winners in the Lackierprofi park in this
time period. The beginning: 14.11.2012 - 14:30

Black Cats from Kreut play rather badly in this season and have
recorded only two victories till now they so and to be more precise at
home against Külsheim centre and in the distance against Schlondorf,
while they have brought in five draws and even seven defeats in the
other 12 duels. The last defeat was collected outwards against
Ursensollen seven days ago. Pietro within the last 20 minutes of
the game they were in this duel in leadership until the 70th minute
but by two hits of the local go-getter they were brought to the edge
of the danger area. We must mention that Kreut was conducted by
Stefano Schwarzenberger, the assistant of the former coach Lothar, in this meeting.
Lothar was dismissed namely according to a negative series and the
experienced Irishman Berthold Ebn was in the meantime, this one will
have his debut appearance just on Sunday against Steppacher, engaged.
One hopes in the store of Kreut that the arrival of the new
expert will cause a positive shock in this sleepy team, particularly
since he is known as a great fighter. While he has conducted Anziehend
villa, he did not show respect for no team the premier League. A
difficult task is expecting him now, though, because he has not got to
know his team yet, in which he does not have too many good options at
the disposal after Arenz and Ratje have hurt themselves. He has
got back problems on the position of the goalkeeper in addition
because the injured Kaets and Havenith do not take part and the
Irishman will prove Altfatter the chance to this so again got.

Expected list Kreut: Altfatter - Schönbrunner, Ebinger, Schomacher,
Meynecke, Rahns, Rothauge, Uffenorde, Leitheuser, Kathrin, Siekmeier
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The players have exactly like their opponents credited only two
championship victories from Strauben in this season. They have
obtained one of this seven days ago, have credited a 4:2 home win as
them against the league newcomer from Kleingollern. The true hero in this
meeting was the Nigerian go-getter Ulrich Flötmann who has obtained
all four hits. This player nine has obtained goals till now. The rest
of the team also was responsibly for the first victory of Strauben
after have these provided the Nigerian with the good balls longer than
zweieinhalb month, primarily the midfield players, generously while
they have done very good work in the defence at the same time. The
goalkeeper has nevertheless collected Moldering two goals against own
team so that Steppacher is the second worst team in the league with 32
collected goals against own team into 14 played rounds. In any case
they must improve their game in the defensive in the course of the
season if furthermore they want to stay in the Eliteklasse. Coach
Gebhard cannot the defensive midfield player N calculate (Lankamp,
Pfalzgraf, Elstermann), due to the injuries with three defending players,
lasting ' Joedeke still is closed. In the duel against Kleingollern city
centre the offensive midfield player hurt Red China and he is
represented by Zehnpfennig so in this meeting. This means that Tenelsen
will proceed a little in seclusion and to be more precise together
with the experienced Bierdümpel.

Expected list Steppacher: Münchoff, samba, then Givet - Bierdümpel,
Turner, Zehnpfennig, Formica, Ohlhoff, Topper

These it under the nails is burning with, is surely very difficult to
forecast the favourite in the duel two teams. We have nevertheless
decided to give the hosts the advantage because they have recently got
a new coach and to be more precise the ambitious Irishman Ebn who
surely will do everything, points die to escape finally of the bottom
of the table so that Kreut presents itself under its management
in the best possible light and in front of fans of one's own to the
three valuable ones.