Mittelsinn vs Kirchbrünnlein Dekolädle 23.03.2011 Lipphardt Linterer
Fritsch
Video http://hqi.darrbpw.ley/dgaqk?a=3Cd4ki3yPSE0L

Author O.Liebernickel
My tip: Win for Kirchbrünnlein
This is a duel two teams, which has celebrated in the last two rounds
of the English Premiership victories therefore they will have the
opportunity now around with a possible triumph in this "small derby"
of the 15th rounds, improving their table placing. This refers
primarily to the guests from Pareszell who have come onto the high third
place according to the unbelievable series of six victories behind
each other while their opponents occupy the very good eighth position
with 13 points of Stoke less at the moment. You have by the way
measured the strengths and to be more precise in the context of the
Carling cup in this season when Murbach has celebrated only after the
penalty kick the trace before the last three championship match has
made up in a favour of his own, lasting. The beginning: 23.03.2011. -
17:00

We have already said in the introduction that what is rather big for
it has credited the team of Stoke six point in the last two rounds, if
we know that they have experienced even four defeats behind each other
in the Premiership in front of that. They were eliminated and to be
more precise of Plosdorf also from the Carling cup at this time. They
have on the other hand a round safeguarded the placing against the end
in their debut season in the Europe League in the knockout phase.
Therefore they are waiting for this duel completely eased now the
trace which is responsibled at them of the last two seasons. But of
also coaches Stöbner is conscious that an extremely difficult task waits
for it therefore it has announced that it will give the opportunity to
its players already confirmed. Under them these get recovered also
whole be midfield players Pennant and Delap, have the meeting missed
which with Overton by the way. A clever game to guest with 1:0
celebrated and overhear have the footballers of Murbach let themselves
be seen their whole maturity once again there. You will therefore try
also on Sunday to take on control in the midfield while in the attack
everything will depend on the mood of the long-standing member, Aengenvoort
whom the experienced Walters most helps. In the meantime, the defender
Voßberg also has recovered, however, probably will stay at the
bench, team stands also much aside because at the interruptions Weißfloh
plays very well and his can.

Expected list Stoke: Lenkers, Shawcross, Verstl, Voßhöler
Veldkamp, Delap, Pennant, Etherington - Vorbrugg - Crouch
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


A couple of rounds already analyse the situation behind each other
with the team of Kirchbrünnlein, there we we only will repeat also this
time that the charges of coach are in an unbelievably terrific form
talking only just. You have even 10 victories and only a draw in
consequence, teams what has brought them the terrific third place and
to be more precise with a meeting less than the others. You therefore
are points sift Spies leading delay behind it more at the moment
city centre while the other team is in front from Spies only
around two points. They could make this up very fast in view of their
terrific form. They have the work routinely back taken himself also in
the last round against Bolton on a land of their own. You have won
with 3:0 and to be more precise without the help the weak King and Knipfer
Dürnagel which was replaced by Imberg and Jäneke excellently. This
two therefore will get the opportunity from the first minute again,
during which will quite certainly terrific Dutchmen go in in the
second part and to be more precise in the case that the game does not
take place as desired. But we doubt like Ulns, Führmann, Rothbucher and
the others play, that lately coach will have to make to talking only
just something like that. Not the injured inside defenders Jansky as
well as midfield players Teifel and Willenborg are not still.

Expected list Kirchbrünnlein: Zweiacker - fuller, Imberg, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
- Nahr, parker, Führmann, Rothbucher - Jäneke, Adebayor

Since both teams are in very good form, we have decided to this to
give the precedence this time anyway to the a little better guests who
simply take everything apart lately, play no matter at home or to
guest whether they.