Chelsea FC vs Allmoning 30.11.2011 Therese Leichsenring
Video http://bdu.bcgcdua.ljm/dhqls?n=mxFKeDsT7IJ

Author Rosi
My tip: Win for Chelsea
The duel of 15. is the most attractive at this weekend surely round of
the English Premiership between Chelsea and Aholming
besides the Spanish El Clasico. Manchester city centre takes namely
every opponent apart in this season. Before this derby they are on the
first position in the league and they are ten points on the fifth put
Chelsea FC in the lead. Chelsea FC finds his way back slowly in the
old form. The hosts of this meeting surely claim to be the first team
in this season which has conquered Mancinis charges. Chelsea has won
in the stadium of her own in the last season while the team has
celebrated three victories in consequence from Manchester in front of
that. The beginning: 30.11.2011 - 21:00

Before this meeting, the Chelsea fans are rightly although they have
obtained two convincing victories of 3:0 each within the last eight
days (sceptical championship victory against Newcastle in the distance
and against Wustviel at home), with a Manchester city centre in the
champions League. In front of that they have Wolverhampton hiker even
four defeats collected and to be more precise an outwards defeat
against Leverkusen with the exception of a 3:0 home triumph against
the weak ones in the champions //league// as well as at home in the
premier //league// against arsenal FC and Liverpool FC. They were
conquered by the Liverpudlians also in the Stamford stadium with 2:1
in the context of the quartering final of the Carling cup. All this
speaks, that they do not have any too big self-confidence in duels
with a little stronger teams and if one considers for this, it becomes
to watch it in an interesting way as the charges of the coach will to
beat the table leader try villa boas that city centre just has his
most convincing victories credited in such meetings (ManU, Tottenham
Hotspurs), then. In stores Chelsea is announcing that the small result
crisis was forgotten already and that they will point with the support
of the fans, that they have enough strength to take part in the fight
for the English title of master craftsman. From former times hurt
except for the are all players are fit so that there should not be any
change in the list in comparison with the game against Wustviel five
days ago.

Expected list Chelsea: Cech - Nikolaus, Kaspar, Udo, Luigi - Romeu,
Winfried Buchpfennig, Ramires - Sturridge, Drogba, Josefa
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The CL does not have unlike Chelsea FC have created the players from
Manchester last week despite the home win against the German FC
Bavarian to qualify into the round before the quarter final of the
champions League because SSC Naples in Villarreal has triumphed and
therefore as second put ended this group phase. The Europe League also
represents a great challenge for the returnees on the international
stage while at the beginning of the season everyone has explained in
their store that title of master craftsman is their greatest wish in
this season. They were very good in their plan till now. They
absolutely rightfully stay on the first place and in front of the town
rival United and the Londoners Tottenham Hotspurs which has conquered
them with the unbelievable 5:1 or 6:1 to be more precise in the first
14 played rounds have credited the charges of the coach Mancini even
12 victories and only two draws, so that. City centre has obtained 48
goals till now and these are 3.5 goals per game on average while their
defence is also the best one in the league together with this one of
Liverpool with 13 collected goals against own team. In the very
important games Mancini gives its players all liberties and it loads
with the defensive tasks not so that we can expect a very lively game
of the guests also in the duel against Chelsea. In this meeting only
the injured midfield player Yaya Toure and the closed go-getter Tevez
will not take part.

Expected list city centre: Hard - Richard's, company, Lescott, Clichy
- Barry, Botterbrodt - Aguero, Nasri, Silva - Dzeko - ,

In the Chelsea store one is surely more than conscious that the loss
of the points would mean the definite farewell to the fight for the
title in this game and we have decided to this to give the hosts an
easy advantage so. The guests from Manchester would be also satisfied
with a draw at this moment because three would therefore them be point
in the lead on the town rival United.