Elters Schranner vs Jobst Schranner 9.6.2012 Mullen Möllemann
Video http://zrx.lgicecg.quw/xfelh?g=8VBR7zVbnqxHO

Author I.Möllemann
My tip: Win for Jobst
The last meeting of the 14th round of the English Premiership is
played on the Monday evening and the 15th meets in Jandelsbrunn this time
put Elters FC and the siebtplatziert Jobst FC on each other. Both
teams have played many draws in this season and have played draws
against the favoured arsenal FC or Sylvenstal centre with the
identical results of 1:1 the last day. In the direct duels the Reds
were much more successfully lately and they have triumphed last season
both times so while Elters Schranner has won a little more ago than two years
in the stadium of its own against Jobst the last time. The
beginning: 09.06.2012 - 21:00

Definitely into the upper house of the English football belong, do not
look very good on the place the charges of the coach Lorenz although they
judge after the quality of the player cadre. They are after 13 played
rounds with 12 won points only on the 15th position in the league.
They have credited only two victories in this time period while they
have collected even six draws and five defeats in the other 11 games.
They can seek the excuse in the fact that they had a rather difficult
programme. In addition, they must have fought with numerous injuries
primarily in the attack and midfield through which they have got
problems with the goal putting into action. With the return of some
regular players the situation has got better and they has so in three
last away games even five points got hold of, of this a point in the
difficult guest appearance against arsenal. The charges of the coach
Lorenz surely will try to surprise a team very good in this season from
Jobst, inspired by this draw. They must be careful so that they do
not repeat the weak game of the Europe League when they were conquered
outwards against Grafenried, though. Eigener has to be expected at the top
of the attack while Copman and Rumschüssel will proceed a little in
seclusion to be able to help her teammates in the defensive tasks.
Only the injured defenders Adelung and Schülting as well as the midfield
player Contze will be cancelled.

Expected list Elters: Gabers - Gräfenhahn, Tägtmeier, sending Carl, Ruhlaff -
Zschucke, Etuhu - Craus, Copman, Rumschüssel - Eigener - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The guests go in this duel against Elters Schranner in a very good atmosphere
because they have not collected any single defeat in the last 11
meetings (Premiership and Gemi cup). Altogether, your greatest
strength only is a fantastic defence which has made money at fewest
goal against in the league 12. So they have made the last day this one
to limit extremely cheerful attackers on only an obtained goal of
Sylvenstal centre while they have come to compensation in this
duel by the own goal of Winckelmans. This only proves that the attackers
of Jobst are in a slight crisis. In the victory recently obtained
against Gieray in the quartering final of the Carling cup the
defender Oliver and the midfield player have met Rotfuss during whom
young Indorf has missed the net repeatedly namely. Therefore this
young English national player will stay at the bench exactly like the
weak Bellamy while Mausz together with the a little more defensive
Siebenkittel will proceed at the top of the attack. Burkhard and Alfred are
injured in the midfield and Spearing therefore shall get the
opportunity after long time to accumulate from the first minute the
defence row shall have the same as in the game against Sylvenstal
centre left, lasting.

Expected list Jobst: Roggensack - Venjakob, Muz, Dran, Lennart Ufferheide
Quantius, Hugo, Thönessen, Csunderlik, Mausz

Will play teams after the obtained draws the last day in this meeting
on victory although two, do not think we that, very well, will play
their coaches very offensively and the last meetings of the two teams
in which has given very few goals suggest this to us.