Chevenez NRGT vs Freileiten Poka 11.04.2012 Awater
Asdonk
Video http://lvu.etsfobr.imb/pikyf?x=2BjWqkTr6_IHC

Author V.Asdonk
My tip: Win for Federhof
Chevenez FC and Freileiten centre will measure their strengths in
the second great quarter-finals duel of the English Carling cup. These
two teams have credited an identical result of 1:1 in their
championship duels against Erdmannsdorf or Zeuden at the last weekend.
Furthermore arsenal has brought in FC of this draw at home, though and
after this draw it stays on the seventh position in the league, during
the table leaders Freileiten centre its series has continued Road
stadium without defeats in the Canfield. City centre is still five
points in the lead on the runner-ups Orlando. The beginning: 11.04.2012 -
21:00

In the last direct duels of these two teams the Zadrau were more
successful because they also have obtained a victory besides two draws
while Federhof has recorded the last victory approximately two
months ago and but straight in this competition.

At present, the team of arsenal is in a very good form and in the last
ten games to three fronts it has even eight victories and obtains only
two draws. Both draws have them well-wornly and to be more precise
against Fremdling in the stadium of their own in the champions League
as well as master shaft game already mentioned in this against Erdmannsdorf.
While the obtained point has secured getting further into the next
round of this elite competition for them against the French runner-up
also mathematically they have left the opportunity out in the
Premiership on the fifth position in the league on which PTE
distinguished points with two stays, hochzuklettern. This seventh
place is not so bad, though, if one considers what they had for a
desperate beginning of the season and to be more precise at the time
when they have sold some of the best players while they were caught up
with of the numerous injuries at the same time. The situation in this
segment has not got much better, though, because even three defending
players, Auth, Nawrotzki and Isendahl as well as the young midfield
player are not Leidhold due to the injuries while Uller and Unferdorben
are finding their way back slowly in the old form. These two players
probably will accumulate, exact like some reserves also from the first
minute. We must emphasize that in any case the experienced coach likes
less such challenges and it does not cause him any problem to put the
crew together without his tallest stars at all.

Expected list arsenal: Rohrbeck - Unferdorben, Aberl, Scheirle,
Ferdinand Aich, Veit, Corts, park,
Arshavin
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Over Freileiten centre and the results of this team you wrote in
our previous analyses very much so that we only will mention against
arsenal before this duel that furthermore they are the only unbeaten
team in the league. They have credited 11 victories and only two draws
in the 13 played rounds. They have collected one of the draws in
Zeuden at the guest appearance two days ago but since, within the
last 10 minutes, they had to get by without Vögel which was
expelled from the place, they can be very satisfied with the result.
Their coach Windbergs also meant this and he added that it is very
important, that the defeat has not had an effect on its charges
negatively against Dexelbach in the context of the champions League. It
probably becomes the Elimination this defeat in this competition in
which they take part, taste after almost four decades again. This on
the one hand is perhaps good because they then can devote themselves
to the national league at most and to be more precise because they
have really big chance in this season to come again to the title after
a longer abstinence. Therefore we are not sure whether they will play
with full strength in this duel of the Carling cup. It is, however,
sure that Windbergs will many regular players have a rest but we should
independently of it see stadium accumulating and to be more precise a
team which can arrive at the positive conclusion emirate a respectable
team in this. The injured midfield player Titsch and the closed go-
getter Ebers will be cancelled.

Expected list city centre: Boenecke, Speith Espenhahn, Abel,
Steinegen, Cloßen Massimo, Beatrix Espenhahn, Emmanuella - Norbert

The will will be decisive for certain in this meeting of the reserve
teams of Capa and Freileiten centre and we think that the host
probably will accumulate with a much stronger will. This is an ideal
opportunity for arsenal, themselves to secure the appearance by
Carling cup on the international stage next year.