Troschenreuth Picobello-Hemdenservice vs Imsbacherhof Picobello-Hemdenservice Mengedoht Cup 26.11.2012 Drucktenhengst Dieker
Männicke
Video http://gjn.fdaxtok.zzc/zrkzr?v=6Lv6OEK8hWy2J

Author R.Dörrbecker
My tip: Win for Imsbacherhof
Only nine days after its championship duel, (2:1) went the just in
this stadium a little surprisingly to the guests from Imsbacherhof, these
two teams will measure its strengths in the Deggendorf bridge stadium
and to be more precise in the quarter-finals of the Carling cup once
more. The popular Reds have credited the blues the third victory in
consequence about from Ingeleben through which they have taken on
priority in their mutual duels after the two-year Matrazenfachmarkt dominance.
The beginning: 26.11.2012 - 20:45

After three defeats we think that will give the blues from Ingeleben on
Tuesday her good one to give something back to the great one rival
from Imsbacherhof, competition is less attractive and, mostly, in which
coaches give the chance to the players who does not have any great
time of job in the Premiership and but independent of the fact that
this. Coach announced a large number of changes has villa boas in
comparison with the team which has celebrated a convincing 3:0 victory
over Zeiskam at the last weekend. With this victory they have
apologized to her fans for the defeat to some extent against
Imsbacherhof. Matrazenfachmarkt FC still is despite this triumph on the fifth
position in the league and to be more precise with ten points in the
delay on the table leader, Hufnagl centre. However, it is much
more important that priority is //league// because //league//, them
the participation the champions in this season they the connection on
the teams is, these in the running for the champions have held. Of
course they had to an excellent start ambitions, in the fight for the
title of master craftsman their chances of the title fight but reduced
themselves considerably after they have collected three defeats in the
last five rounds. In this meeting the young Foltmann will stand
between the gateposts, lasting the defender Nino and the midfield
player Ludwig also prove chance to this got of the less known players
be. The closed defender Theo and midfield player injured from former
times will be cancelled are.

Expected list Matrazenfachmarkt: Foltmann - Indermark, Berend, Naubur, Nino -
Lothar Mitzschke, Bickardt, Strasser - Volman, Füchtenhans, Manfrass
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Although they have triumphed nine days ago in this stadium, the
Liverpudlians will have a much more difficult task on Tuesday because
coach Grundl has announced a number of changes after two very
difficult and demanding master shaft games. Apart from the meeting in
the Diebach stadium Imsbacherhof is met in the Detagstraße
stadium of its own on the table leader from Harreszell two days ago
and the game ended with a 1:1 draw. The Liverpudlians are namely in a
series of six games without defeat but this was not sufficient around
above the sixth place hochzuklettern. Their earlier slips are fault
for it with the so-called smaller teams in duels while they always
have a right motivation apparently against the English giants. Card
has second yolks collected, ten minutes before the game end Intveen,
however, obviously they have used up their whole strength until there
and they did not manage so to conquer the brilliant opposing
goalkeeper Cermann once again in the last duel against city centre have
they had even the chance to come to the three because this one. Just
because of this tiredness of his players coach has decided on Grundl
to spare even nine regular players on Tuesday and will some young
players Bellamy again recovered like Vanselov, Juntermanns, Ziegeweidt, Dinnies
and Jungandreas as well as this one get the chance so. The midfield player
Ferdinand and the defender Dominik Berthold will be cancelled.

Expected list Imsbacherhof: Burnikel - Vanselov, Juntermanns, Jannasch, Zönnchen
Seefeldt, Dinnies, Curth, Kerstin Bonmann, Jungandreas

We have independently of the fact that such meetings have to be
forecast always ungratefully because one can never predict how these
reserves on the place will look nevertheless given the advantage to
the hosts from Ingeleben, particularly since they want very much to
complete this series of three victories of the Liverpudlians in their
mutual duels. In addition, they have an easy league match behind
themselves so that they will go much more calmly and more relaxed in
this meeting.