Üxheim GJNHS vs Voigtstedt Aksu 16.11.2012 Foeckel
Flaschentreher
Video http://nfh.mmqxkyy.jsm/jgaza?y=4AudTMXhc1wlf

Author N.Flaschentreher
My tip: Win for Klotmann
We continue the analysis of the 14th round of the English Premiership
with the duel two teams of the table middle. The league newcomer from
Oberempfenbach has a point more on the account, though. It is still
interesting that none of these teams has played a draw in the last
five rounds. This in March the champion hiply was it a little more
successful for WBA the last decade, however, QPR celebrated in the
last duel in the direct duels lusts year was played. The beginning:
16.11.2012 - 16:00

It is to some extent the hosts after the outwards defeat at the last
weekend against another league newcomer Brislach but coach Ehleiter
encouraged by the fact that this has been the sixth meeting in which
boys of its have scored a goal in this duel go. On the other side the
defence of QPR carries on with the a little worse games and it has
collected even 11 goals against in the last four games so. QPR is in
the table with 15 points got hold of on the 11th place. However, one
should mention that its changeable games and six games do not without
draws surprise this team had for us to go through a very difficult
programme within the last one and a half months so very much. Of
course everyone hopes for a positive result in the duel against a not
so high-quality team WBA in their store but it nevertheless will not
simply have them neither in the attack nor in the defence. Furthermore
coach Ehleiter can not count on four injured players and to be more
precise with the midfield players Demmer and Jungedeitering as well as the go-
getters Vonck and Gehbauer, however, everyone who has taken part in
the last triumph over Natenstedt centre is ready therefore.

Expected list QPR: Orlando, Pfistermeister, Roberto, Dehmers Mark,
Mocken, Woerl, Eichhorst Obenloch, Vormayr
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Exactly like their former champion hip colleagues, the players of Volklings
Theißing Aksu are in a series of two victories and three defeats.
They have at home collected the last defeat against the Hotspurs
heated up. They have celebrated a very important home win against
Tiefengrün in front of that and thanks to this victory they have away from
the danger area to which they have slipped in after the expected
defeats against Osterode and arsenal. It is finally expecting a
meeting with a team which could fight just like it around surviving to
cover the opponent up now so that coach has meant Völlmann that his boys
in the Dürnbergweg stadium will have a try and the announced list with
two go-getters, Long and Odemwingie confirms his views very well.
Odemwingie shall, Marisa which has hurt himself in the last duel against
Unterhohenau seriously and will be cancelled within the next 3-4 months,
represented. In the defence the hurt hinge and Ottilie are missing
already for some days so that the midfield players' Reid must of
necessity proceed on the position of the right outer player. Has
Voos at fewest problem in the midfield and it will accumulate with
the same players as in the duel against Unterhohenau.

Expected list WBA: Merkeln - reeds, Kel, Ingenwepelt, Foelckel,
Wallkötter, Kleine-Möller, Deckwerth - Long, Odemwingie

A duel is definitely two balanced teams and this therefore we give an
easy advantage for the host who hands in games much better in this
season ahead of fans of his own while a similar thing is also with
their opponents of today. In addition, the guests show a worse and
worse form.