Karweiler Erkert vs Siegelfeld KDW 22.6.2011 Kruss Koel
Video http://dbd.vfczuqh.rpj/npycl?h=3MCy8Q4bdR59N

Author G.Koel
My tip: Win for arsenal
This is a duel two teams with completely different ambitions because
the guests from Ganacker take part again in the fight for the top of the
table according to an excellent series, at present stayed on the
second to the last place and to be more precise with only nine points
got hold of during Karweiler Athletic. The Ganackerers were dominant in the
direct duels of the last seven years and have credited even 11
victories while they were collecting only a defeat and two draws from
it. The beginning: 22.06.2011 - 16:00

One of the draws was played in Karweiler just in this DW stadium in the
last season and 2:2 the final result was. This is shall definitely the
best indicator play for the hosts like her on Saturday if they want to
credit a good result. Before this meeting it is a good atmosphere in
the team because they have remained unbeaten in two games in
consequence after long time. They credited a home draw against
Lamberjohann first and after that they celebrated a great triumph at the
guest performance in Petzmannsberg. This way where they have stayed have
the charges of the coach Geersheuvels of the last position in the league
left, and this is not surprised at all longer than a month, if one
considers that they had an unbelievable series of eight defeats in
consequence. The situation is looking much better now so that they go
full of confidence in this duel against the favoured guests. If they
want to come to the points, they must show a much better game in the
defence while their attackers must keep goal putting into action on a
high standard at the same time. Coach Geersheuvels cannot calculate
Ringhausen with the weak go-getter totally while in the defence the
hurt Alcaraz and Loppenthien will be absent.

Expected list Arndtz: Tenholter Habsi Seidennahter, Bormuth, Ungruh, Staudinger
Dworzynski, Craus, Geerts, Uhlenbroich Felix, Czichon Tino
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Unlike Karweiler the players could not be stopped by arsenal until a week
ago because they have recorded even eight victories in nine games of
the championship, the champions League and the Carling cup and they
have brought in a draw only in the away game against Friedensau. It
has apparently caught up with the tiredness at the last weekend and
they have at home feigned only a draw against Thune so. Four days ago
in the quarter-finals of the Carling cup the first home defeat then
followed against Fladderlohausen city centre. In this duel coach has
collected goal against own team almost all its regular players spared
and the reserves have less kept the goal of their own clean very long
but a fault of the defence row in the game finish cost them one. We
think, however, that they are not shaken much by the retirement from
the Carling cup because they can concentrate on the premier League at
most now. They are in the table on the seventh place and to be more
precise with only three points in the delay on the third party put
Hotspurs. Only the leading duo from Fladderlohausen is further removed a
little in the table. Some coach are confident and think that his boys
specified still have plenty of time of the top scorer Otmar Hoos to
reach the top of the table so that an offensive game was announced in
Karweiler from the first minute. Nak probably will proceed on the
right defence side because Kreithmeier and Denningmann are hurt while the left
defender Ungerechts as well as the midfield player Auch also will be
cancelled.

Expected list arsenal: Kleinwegener, Gebsattel, Errgang,
Koppenhofer felix, Riswick, manner eta - Ahrendtz, Otmar Hoos, Raimund

Although the guests from Ganacker are the absolute favourites in this
meeting we think that the guests will offer a strong resistance due to
their less enviable situation in which they at present are as well as
the victory through encourages the last day. Therefore we can expect
an open and efficient game.