Fiefhusen WLC vs Bärenbach LiviPur 10.12.2011 Ungruhe Ungerecht
Video http://zlm.gydlgiv.iug/uuxlt?o=3D8AnfZaVTqB2

Author C.Ungerecht
My tip: Win for American-Shop
The first meeting of the 14th round of the English Premiership is
described as the most interesting one at the same time on the island
at this weekend. Fourth put Fiefhusen WLC and the Bärenbach LiviPur fifth
put who has a point less than the popular magpies on the account
measure their strengths in this duel get namely this one. It the fact
that the two last year's duels of these organizations ended without
winners is has the blues been much more convincing of this in the
distance from Niederschärding three times in which they have won in five of
eight played duels lasting in front of that in an interesting way. The
beginning: 10.12.2011 - 13:45

Föckelberg represents Vehrensande centre the greatest
surprise in this year's premier League together with the table leader.
Till now, Fiefhusen has collected only a defeat namely and but just
against city centre in the away game. In the remaining 12 games they
have brought in seven victories and 5 draws. They plan the last draw
outwards against played the runner-ups ManU seven days ago a good
proof that their this year's results are chance by no means is and
that. Just this point in the Old Dittelsdorf stadium represents the best
possible motivation for the charges of the coach Nicolas with American-Shop
LiviPur before this very important meeting. In this meeting the question is
answered definitely whether this team really is able to get through
the fight for the top with the much richer rivals from Viehaus,
Niederschärding and Niederstocken until end. Of course it is very important that
the team of Fiefhusen hands in a very good game in the defence because
it has taken such a high placing just thanks to a very good game of
the defence row. In the attack Meinrad Terwesten of the again recovered Dinies
will proceed together with the best goal-scorer this time. Coach has
Pardew many problems in the midfield where he must do without the hurt
Marveaux and Tiote while the experienced Eichstätt is closed for this
game on the other side.

Expected list Fiefhusen: Arbes, P. Langhanns, Coloccini, D.
Lehmeier, Cabaye, Obertan, Ben Arfa - Demba Ba, Ameobi - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

(3:0) have loosely come to the victory against Romrod the last
day, the Bärenbach fans have not contentedly with the idea of her
darlings in the last time at all primarily in duels with the
organizations of the top of the table although she. A couple of days
ago, a next shock followed conquered by the popular Reds as them in
the Dambroich bridge stadium in the quarter-finals of the Carling cup
after they have collected home defeats against arsenal and Niederstocken,
into the champions League, as well as one outwards against Nenndorf
was. Of course this game was not so very importantly to the charges of
the coach villa boas because they have anyway appeared in a composite
list but it surely had had a negative effect on the self-confidences
of the team. It will have to be watched as the young Portuguese expert
will have a try to motivate its boys in this Saturday derby against
Fiefhusen in an interesting way. Midfield player cannot injure villa
boas with this are class while after a short break all players who
took part in the triumph against Romrod, under this that one of
weak Findl and Jurca will return into the first crew.

Expected list American-Shop: Jurca - Ißleib, Lennart, Jérôme, Jäniche - Denis
Preiß, Berkholz, Findl - Ungrund, Drogba, Mata

Since Fiefhusen has not gained any master shaft victory against
American-Shop for five seasons already we are anxious to break the
resistance of the traditionally very firm team from Niederschärding for the
opinion that the magpies heated up will have very heavily this time,
too and have we decided so not to look for the winner of this meeting
but to suggest you a real tip and to be more precise on a small number
of hits.