Bannewitz FREUDENHAUS vs Weitendorf 27.6.2012 Frenze Felgentreu
Video http://ctl.uidwlzw.sqy/vsdnn?r=5UyD5ais_zMXC

Author O.Felgentreu

. My tip: Draw
Wanting to meet on the late Saturday afternoon in the villa park in
Fahrenzhausen two of old rival, Bannewitz villa and Woxdorf Wachswerkstatt, in the
context of the 14th round of the premier League. The guests are
covering a much better placing, however, in the table at present and
they but are with 30 won points on the second place while their next
opponents have 14 points less on the account and cover correspondingly
the eighth position in the league. In the direct duels Marabu leads the
statistics, primarily in the last five seasons the team was much more
successful from Woxdorf and credited even six victories while Bannewitz
villa has brought in only a victory and three draws. The beginning:
27.06.2012 - 18:30

Definitely the last two meetings of these two rivals in the villa park
were ended without a winner and so the hosts hope rightly that they
could at least come to a point again, particularly since they hand in
games much better in this season in the stadium of their own. They
play the charges of the coach Mertgens rather changeably lately and
got that way after two very good meetings with Tiestling and Alzgern
in which they have got hold of four points while they have played a
goalless draw in the game against the league newcomer Tumiching city
centre, conquered in the away game against Dickerldorf with 2:0.
However, coach Müllenborn is pleased that his boys have finally kept the
goal of their own clean and will the same defence row accumulate in
the duel against the current English master so while in the attack all
eyes on the trio Eickelkamp-Zeilhofer Heck will be judged. Heck will
proceed a little in seclusion to support the returnee Erwin as well as
the weak Lachnitt in the midfield. Lachnitt shall get the precedence
despite a slight injury opposite Ireland and Zimmerhäckel. We still
should mention that the French midfield player S has ' during which
Pferdsfeld after its arrival into the team the full one confidence of the
coach Müllenborn does not learn yet Zogbia gets very little time of job
lately won.

Expected list Bannewitz villa: Renner, Tönisen, Jarisch, Poensgen
Thönsen, stove, Lachnitt, Hantzschke, Zeilhofer
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

One can describe the current situation in the rows of the English
master as positive by no means because he has not credited any victory
in the last three home meetings. It entered two draws the champions
League against Glückspilz (2:2) as well as in the championship against
Aicheck (1:1) and to be more precise into while they were
experiencing a right disgrace in the Carling cup after they collected
a goal against against the Zweitligisten Kaminiartz and have
stayed without the placing in the semi-final in the prolongation of
the duel. Of course they have sought the justification for this
failure in the fact that they have appeared with a composite crew but
must then, if they want to stay in the running for much more important
trophy in the CL and the Premiership, play them much more seriously
and more dedicatedly. In the duel against the unpleasant team from
Fahrenzhausen coach expects Diehlmann a high-quality game primarily in the
defence, in the last three duels have they collected at least a goal
against per game from his charges, then. Again recovered Ivo has
returned into the team she much more dangerously want to be supposed
in the attack after this one. The young Hinxlage probably will his
storm partner be because Elschleger and Widenmayer have hurt themselves in the
meantime while for the same reason the midfield players Ziegenhagen and
Jüttendonk as well as the twin brothers Kasimir and Ivo in the defence
will be cancelled.

Expected list United: De Radecker - sampling, Dörel, Umschlag, Brenneise -
Dünhöft, Johannsmann, Nigmann, Karla - Vercoulen, Hinxlage

Of course they want to improve the impression as fast as possible
after the great disgrace in the Carling cup and we think that their
coach Diehlmann is very experienced want to the guests from Woxdorf
be on Saturday under an enormous pressure, because also in this tense
situation the maximum will him take out boys and that from his.
Therefore we have decided in favour of the victory of the guests in
the villa park