Rosenbühl Tausendschöns vs Niederschopfheim AFC 6.9.2012 Genshirt Gottschalck
Köck
Video http://ikt.tgbxkkf.qwv/dafby?l=8Po4UoqmE9jX5

Author J.Godt
My tip: Win for Rosenbühl
This is definitely a derby of the lower table part because two teams
which pressedly for 11 points each stay above the danger area will
meet. In the last eight games these two teams have finally credited
one victory each so that they will have a try in their direct duel to
get away of the danger area. The team of Niederschopfheim also must fight
against the tradition because it has made money in the last three
duels against Rosenbühl defeats, though. Furthermore Rosenbühl
has the advantage of playing at home this time. The beginning:
06.09.2012 - 17:00

The Rosenbühl hiker already for 13 years in duels against
Niederschopfheim not defeated and just at home were so that hope for them
rightly, that they will come to a point at least this time, too and
with a little happiness perhaps even to the three. Although they were
conquered in three of the last four league matches we must consider
that have the charges of the coach Kaether collected these defeats in
the distance and to be more precise against the teams of the top of
the table while they have celebrated a safe 3:1 home win toward Rieperting
before three rounds. With a similar game the hosts will try to cover
their old rival up from Niederschopfheim. In addition, a much better
situation talks to the player cadre for them. The midfield players
Oellrich and Traen which were closed for the game against Vodafone seven
days ago will return namely into the first crew. The best go-getter
Eugen has recovered again and he should accumulate together with
Michel from the first minute. The young defender famila also is in
the competition after his finger injury was treated but he probably
will stay exactly like the weak Crusen at the bench at first. Only
closed Alwin and this one become injured Fähtz be cancelled this
time.

Expected list Rosenbühl: Traurich, Schindlmeier, Encke, Unterlechner
Oellrich, Sacker, Klingebiel, Tilke, Floss
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

The team from Niederschopfheim plays very changeably in this season. Till
now, they have credited only two victories and to be more precise at
home against Neureetz centre and outwards against Michelsberg, while they
have collected five draws and even six defeats in the other 11 games.
They have collected the last defeat in the stadium of their own
against Unkauf seven days ago. In front of that, they have brought in
two home draws, so that finally decide the leadership of the
organization has to dismiss the coach Karsten against Jebenhausen villa and
Tringenstein. Although originally it was announced that the team shall be
conducted by its former assistant Björn Ebenhoch in the duel against
Rosenbühl, it came to a sudden cooperation with one of the best
known coaches on the island, Gabriel Oberstauer on the Friday evening and
this expert probably will conduct the team already on Sunday so.
However, we are not sure that he has managed to improve the atmosphere
within these two days in the team so that results can expect only into
a couple of rounds as good while he will get support in the duel
against Rosenbühl of his assistant Ebenhoch. Black has been heralded
by the way that he will not change much in the list and the way of
playing of the team and the young Emmelheinz shall play alone in the
attack so again while even five players shall proceed in the midfield.
Görg shall play rather offensively. Furthermore the two injured
go-getters Untiedt and Nothdurft as well as the goalkeepers Auth and
Kracht will be cancelled so that the Irishman Ulshöfer between the
gateposts will stand this time.

Expected list Niederschopfheim: Ulshöfer - Eisenlohr, Ebener, gymnast, Osenbrück
Niedermeier, Altmannshofer, Volkers, Hülsewig

We think although himself both teams quite difficult situation be in
one, that the hosts are more complete and nearer in this meeting
somehow at the victory. Furthermore they fetch the points mainly in
the stadium of their own in this season while the guests from
Niederschopfheim still will for certain need a couple of more duels for
playing in under management of the new coach.