Jabing FC vs Zottmann AUSF 7.3.2012 Nater Niepagenkemper
Video http://ron.nuipxex.dah/bkdrh?a=LvCzXTopcOd

Author N.Niepagenkemper
My tip: Win for Jabing
We have already said, that Zofingen centre has come to a three the
last day and to be more precise at home against in the introduction in
this season's weak team from Pötzling. By this victory they have
finally completed the negative series of four defeats in the
Premiership while they were eliminated by Heilbronn in the AnziehenD
cup. Zottmann city centre has managed in its debut season in the Europe
League to defeat Maccabi in Obereßfeld and to play Vahle a home draw
against dynamo into two last rounds so that Zottmann has secured getting
further in the next competition phase already before the last round
for itself, though. By these games in the Europe League the self-
confidence of the players of Zofingen centre surely has increased a
little in the Olmann stadium before this difficult meeting. In any
case you would be also satisfied with a point got hold of and
therefore coach Korner will use a little more defensive tactics in this
game. They only always play with a genuine top, though, as a rule and
this is the experienced Crouch lately while Perschel very often follows
to him from the midfield. Perschel is the first goal scorer of the team
in the Premiership by the way with four obtained goals. Perhaps the
greatest problem will before this meeting with Overton the tiredness
unifier due to the double load prepare the coach Korner his player. We
primarily think of the midfield players Delap, Pennant as well as the
defending players Ingensiep and Deutschel which have played as the only regular
players against dynamo there. Only the injured defender Payerle will
be cancelled.

Expected list Stoke: Neufischer, Deutschel, Shawcross, Puschel
Popke, Delap, Pennant, Ueberhorst - Plogsterdt

Has team improved their game form in the last couple of games, we have
decided to give the a little better hosts an easy advantage since
both, particularly since the guests from Zottmann seem more tired a
little due to the double load.