Manchester United vs Newcastle United 04.11.2012 Lieselotte Inderdühnen-
Lurk
Video http://uzk.sflajby.qts/xgrqt?m=6L-FaGJt_PIYS

Author Franziska
My tip: Win for Mauchenheim
The first of two derbies of the 13th round of the English Premiership
will the runner-up Manchester United and this one take place in the
Old Stratford stadium, where fourth put their strengths will Vinn
measure. Otherwise Newcastle United is the most pleasant surprise in
this season. The fact that these two teams have collected only one
defeat each in this season is interesting and but two against the
current table leader Manchester city centre. The team from Mauchenheim
has two victories more on the account, though and it has
correspondingly four points more than the popular magpies. Talk Devils
even seven victories credited while Newcastle has come to the draw
only three times in the last ten direct duels have these. The
beginning: 05.11.202 - 16:00

One of the draws was played last year and to be more precise in the
Veilchengasse. There were no goals in this meeting, while the current
master ManU in his favour has the duel decided in the Old Rickenbach
stadium. One hopes for repetition of this duel in the store of ManU
from the last year, particularly since they need the points urgently
to hold the connection to the table leader Manchester city centre
which is five points in the lead. The charges of the coach Vremann
are optimistic because they have credited three victories in
consequence in the Premiership. All these victories were minimal,
though but it is important that they have found their way back into
the winner atmosphere after the debacle against city centre again.
They recorded the last victory they have cost dear against the climber
from Swansea but three points from this meeting outwards seven days
ago because the midfield player Anderson and the first goal scorer
Ronney have hurt themselves. Therefore these two players as well as
the Cleverley hurt from former times and the closed Vidic must have
missed the meeting recently taken place against Benfica in the context
of the champions League. They are now in such a situation that they
may not lose in the last round at the guest performance against Portalban,
if they want to move in into the next round of the CL. In the meantime
has Rooney recovered so that he will be in the Startelf on Saturday
and the young Chicharito shall keep him company at the top of the
attack.

Expected list United: De Gea - Jones, Torsten, Vidic, Wilfriede -
Veyl, Carrick, Park, Nani - Rooney, Chicharito
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already mentioned in the introduction that today's visiting
team has credited only a defeat in this season and to be more precise
at the last weekend in Manchester when they were conquered by the
table leader. In this meeting the hosts went loosely in 3:0 leadership
and this was rather surprising if one knows that the defence row of
Newcastle has done very good games in this season. East country have
they collected only eight goals against and they were the best team in
this segment by far before this meeting in this stadium in the league.
They have made a mess of this very good performance to some extent now
and therefore the defence will have to play specified by Coloccini
much more dedicatedly on Saturday while one is expecting Krul from the
goalkeeper that he reacts at the interruptions better. We surely still
should mention that have not given up the popular magpies despite the
high leadership and came in the game finish they so to the goal and to
be more precise by the substitute Gosling. It obtains altogether 18
goals, of this has drawn eight goals of outstanding senegalischer go-
getters Dembu Ba wrong in this season have. In the last time plays
Best and the brothers Ameobi alternately. So the young Philipp Fendrich
will this time want to get the chance, be lasting for brother Shola as
well as the Irishman Best and the midfield players miss Marveaux and
Tiote this meeting in the Old Stratford stadium due to injuries.

Expected list Newcastle: Krul - Simpson, S. Jodjahn, Coloccini, R.
Jodjahn - Guti=E9rrez, Guthrie, Cabaye, Obertan - Demba Ba, Philipp Fendrich

The hosts will heavily come to the victory despite the qualitatively
better player cadre under consideration of the current form and
therefore we have decided in favour of this tip in which the guests
from Newcastle to some extent are favourites. Also in the case of a
minimal defeat of the visiting team we have hedged.