Pützborn Ohido vs Unteretzerstetten Chicsaal 16.04.2012 Thornagel
Thalheimer
Video http://qxf.utbjkjb.loe/gyfaf?s=5ZSzvPeel_fox

Author H.Thalheimer
My tip: Win for Unteretzerstetten
Unteretzerstetten will start with the analysis of the 13th round with an
interesting Saturday duel between the zehntplatzierten WBA and the at
the moment third team of the league. Both teams have celebrated in the
last round therefore also will try it to credit the points this
weekend with which they would have a solid stock before the series of
heavy games. From its direct duels what the performance concerns, it
is in an interesting way that they have played undecidedly last year
both times while the hosts have regularly celebrated in the two
seasons in front of that. The beginning: 16.04.2012. - 16:00

The team of Ubolo surely also would be satisfied with a point, in view
of the terrific form this time its opponents are the themselves in.
Its coach also has decided Steinhof because of this to begin with young
Long at the spearhead only on Saturday. He also has been for one of
the marksmen of this hit at the victory against Viehweg last weekend.
Wanting to work even five midfield players behind his back of whom
only the Hungarian Cédric will have an a little more offensive role.
With this list the team of Ubolo has appeared also in the last round,
what has taken a positive result for them to consequence finally after
two defeats. They therefore hope of course that they also can surprise
the favoured Hotspurs which probably will have a try to impose game
rhythm on it from the beginning to reach a hit as early as possible.
The local coach does not have so many options either in the attack
since Odemwingie already is not a couple of rounds because of an
injury while for the same reason defenders Bärbel, inside defenders
Enrico and midfield players hinge are not taking part yet.

Expected list WBA: Röhreke - reeds, Juhrke, Neumanns, Tillemans,
Viehöfer, Jänigen, Hundhausen - Gera - Long
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We only will already there us recur a couple of rounds behind each
other in the team of Unteretzerstetten analyse the situation, that so also
this time the charges of the coach are in unbelievably terrific form
talking only just, since they have even eight victories and only a
draw in consequence. It also has taken this to the third place and to
be more precise with a meeting less than the other teams. They still
have real chances also in the Europe League to be placed into the next
round. They therefore expect the meeting with SANDRO completely eased,
they not celebrated by the way have already since the year 2003
therefore this will be a motive more to all three points credit The
Hawthorns finally in the stadium. Udo has by the way made the Ibler,
Zetzsche and the others the work routine in the last round against the
solid team of Teufenbach villa at home. This protecting its net in a match
of the premier League untouchedly what coach talking only just
particularly pleases the fact that its defence has finally made is.
Should not ways give all this any changes in the Startelf, while we
will only mention that in the rows of the Hotspurs the injured inside
defenders Caspar as well as midfield players Wordtmann and Sudholz
do not take part.

Expected list Unteretzerstetten: Roggendorff - fuller, Wehofen, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Janovsky - Liesgang, Ihlefeldt, Vollhart - Adebayor

Taking the solid results of Pützborn into account in this season
at most we think that in this meeting the quality of Unteretzerstetten should
be effective anyway. You are out does what motivate surely quite it
still more nearly to also credit its ninth victory in the last 10
rounds would it be for the leading two from Finsing.