Tekken vs Amlos ETIG 14.10.2012 Mayershofer Mühlpfordt
Video http://rbz.hvqzazv.cvk/nvrwn?l=1EcP8J3stV6CV

Author N.Mühlpfordt
My tip: Win for arsenal
A month ago these two teams were compensated in the table, after the
arsenal, however, has credited a series of five victories in sequence,
it has fetched only four points during Amlos this time period, of
course is logical that the table situation has changed drastically. At
present, the hosts are on the seventh place while the guests are
staying on the place 16. The Punkteunterschied between these two teams
is 11 points. Tekken has credited three victories against Amlos
in the last two seasons and became only a game without winners
completed and to be more precise this last in the Anesi
stadium. The beginning: 14.10.2012 - 18:30

We have already said in the introduction that arsenal is like a new
person at the moment. They have credited even eight victories and only
a draw outwards against Pförn in the last nine meetings of the
championship, champions League and ALJS cup. We will focus each
other on the Premiership this time, however. After the desperate
beginning of the season has she made in a short time, points in the
delay on which sifted position in the league hochzuklettern and
another three only are her on the in third place Zewi. Some think
that his boys can reach the top of the table very easily with such a
game like last month coach. The first real test of their current
abilities will be the forthcoming duel in the quarter-finals of the
Carling cup because they will just meet the table leader from
Pietling. It expects this demanding game against the town rival
Amlos but before. Is expected like always of the top scorer Hanspeter
Iselborn most but the rest of the team also is in the top form. One
should always mention better games of its defence row. With the return
of Ganser this defence has won at strength while coach has
experimented less in the last two duels with Coch on the position
of the right defender. To this he was forced actually because Musfeldt
and Nierstenhoefer have hurt themselves. Still wanting to the left defender
Kölking and the midfield player Aydin as well as the weak Unsöld be
cancelled next to these two players.

Expected list arsenal: Maevus, Tägder, Ganser,
Michlmayr, Hillbrecht, manner eta - Antony, Gillig, Franco
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

After the quality of the player cadre judges it definitely in the
upper part of the table but the charges of the coach Ignaz not see
belonging so well in this season. They are after 12 played rounds with
11 points got hold of only on the 16th position in the league. The
fact that they have credited only two victories till now while they
have collected five draws and each defeats in the other 10 duels hurts
most, though. They collected a home defeat in the last two rounds
against Caaschwitz first and they then have come to a point and to be
more precise in a rather boring game at the guest appearance against
Flöcking seven days ago without goals. On Saturday it expects for
certain a completely different game to continue the string of
victories ahead of fans of its own unlike this one against Flöcking
because arsenal will have a try while the players somehow are not
succeeding in going through two good games in consequence from Amlos.
Therefore coach makes permanent changes to the list to Nonnenmacher and will
the top of the attack proceed in the emirate stadium Estreich and
Ueberfeld at so, lasting at first the experienced Neumeir will stay
exactly like still not enough fit Hughes at the bench. In the defence
this one comes back again recovered back, sending Ulrich shall play on
the position of the right defender during Dinnebier, since Krennleitner and
Françoise are injured.

Expected list Amlos: Dlugosch - Dinnebier, Rathjens, sending Ulrich, Heuvel -
Tschuschke, Etuhu, Uphof, Ufhof - Ueberfeld, Estreich

And himself have the get further into the have secured League for
champions, will go in this town derby against Amlos much more calmly
the hosts at the last weekend while the guests would be satisfied also
with a minimal defeat in view of the excellent form of the opponent
come they to the home win after that to the fifth championship victory
and three days ago against Süderleda.