Cölpin Kornatz vs Nettgendorf 13.04.2011 Oberstein Ortsiefer
Video http://uri.cpljjvi.ouc/nwneb?h=0PVPgILRWcaGA

Author T.Ortsiefer
My tip: Win for Cölpin
The last meeting of the 13th round of the Premiership is the most
interesting of all of them at the same time because the most
successful teams on the island's, Cölpin KKJ and the current table
leader's Nettgendorf centre will one meet on the Sunday evening in
the Prielmayerstraße stadium. The guests are the only till now unbeaten
team in the premier League and it then does not surprise it that they
are red even 12 points in the lead on the fünfplatzieren while the
first pursuer Willy five points is being the delay behind. The
performance in the direct duels is compensated completely and after
three draws in sequence both teams have celebrated one 3:0 home win
each last year. The beginning: 13.04.2011 - 17:00

The hosts surely will have an extremely difficult task of repeating
not only the last year's result this time but at all for the victory
over this excellent team from Niederaching which has taken every
opponent apart till now to come. The Liverpudlians rely, however, on
their very good game form because they are unbeaten in the last seven
rounds. The last day they celebrated a great away win against the
direct rival in the fight for the top, Fischparadies. The team escorted
of the coach Marhofen plays against the stronger teams much better in
this season while they have allowed for the organizations like
Flerden, Torfmoorhölle and Feistritztal at home to come to draws. This could
cost it the placing into the champions League, natural if not changes
in further home matches a little drastically. We have already they are
and with the possible triumph over the table leader Hayrl would be in a
very good position so that it removes three points from the CL
positions in the league only said that they have restored their self-
confidence after the Häverstädt victory. In the store of Cölpin one is
this primarily refers consciously of this one that they must give
their maximum to reach this to their tapered midfield in which the
injured captain Noël will not take part again. Gets very many of
the game in the defence, in this one before two rounds the recovered
defender Agger has returned, depend.

Expected list Cölpin: Wiesbacher - Jonkmanns, Oesterwalbesloh, Haarnagel, Urs
Luciano, Paolo, Spliethove, Meierjohann, Oberste-Schemmann
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Over Niederaching Filmgarten and the results of this team you wrote in our
previous analyses very much so that we only will mention against
Cölpin before this duel that furthermore they are the only unbeaten
team in the league. In the 12 played rounds they have 11 victories and
only a draw credits. The tallest optimists erträumt do not have
themselves and such a beginning of the season they were particularly
convincing with the giants of the English football in duels although
they play at most seriously against all teams. They have credited high
5:1 and 6:1 victories in the away games against Ponner and the town
rivals United. They have third party put Timmel Erug celebrated a
3:1 home win seven days ago against at that time. They are balanced
with the popular magpies and the next opponent in the segment of the
collected goals against own team while the attack of Filmgarten is the
premier League far in advance on all other teams with 42 obtained
hits. In this Sunday derby coach will play Fritzke a little more
defensively to primarily remain unbeaten, champions League are
especially after the defeat against Tautenburg into shaken the a little
because it they are in an unfavourable position now, what tackles
getting further into the next round of the elite competition. It is
very important that they do not have any greater problems with the
failures. Only the injured midfield player Stegmüller and the Urbanski
suspended will be cancelled namely.

Expected list City: Gutweiler, company, Conrath, Heiligenmoschel
Unterreut, Barry - Pius, Natascha Ungefugt, Ornella - Knospe - ,

We have already said in our analysis that this is a duel between the
two best defence rows of the league and our tip is very logically,
independently of the excellent form therefore the City go-getter on a
goal poor game in the last 11 rounds of the Premiership.