Dumsevitz vs Eller 10.12.2011 Tiggelkamp Thierfelder
Video http://zug.phojzda.yzr/yglvo?p=0IqyvQ9_AISTE

Author M.Thierfelder
My tip: Win for Ernatsreute villa
One of two meetings of the 13th round of the English Premiership which
are on the programme on Sunday is played in Wales said in Dessow
better. There the team of the same name receives, this one position in
the league is on 13th, the paying attention put reCycling FC who has
two points more on the account at the moment. These two teams have by
the way met the last time approx. 30 years ago as which victories have
celebrated a respective host. Therefore becomes it becomes the climber
like himself in the league and in the new century the a little better
and experienced reCycling wiedersetzen to see being rather
interesting. The beginning: 09.11.2011. - 14:30

The young coach Eykeler hopes but that his charges will show a much
better defence this time than seven days ago, when they have lost at
home against Unterirrach MHGU with the minimal 1:0. Actually on a
terrific game in the duel against Bruchköbel and to be more precise as it
has this optimism of the hosts been based celebrated a 3:1 away win
while they then have credited a point also to guest near Teichland. If
they should repeat their game from these meetings, the hosts perhaps
also can hope for a table progress although the short-term 13th place
for a team with a much smaller budget also represents a great success.
You have credited all three victories at home in this season therefore
they hope rightly for a three which would fasten their place in
addition in the table middle. To a couple of rounds break comes back
the recovered back, with what midfield player Greibe into the team the
list of Dessow will go back again to the 4-2-3-1 formation, however
with very offensive tasks of the wingers Rudzki and Thorwesten. However,
we think that coach of Everhart will pay much more attention to the
defensive exactly like in the last two games, because the
counterattacks of the players of villa, erwin and Gross could get
very dangerous for its team. Not only the injured inside defender Kerskens
is and Monk will take his place again.

Expected list Dessow: In front of this - Endriss, Holst, Wägener,
Küfer, Elter, Greibe, Thorwesten - Fränkle
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Exactly like their Sunday rivals, the footballers of Ernatsreute villa play
rather changeably lately, too. They were therefore defeated after two
very good duels in the last round of Obergrainet to guest with 2:0 with
Dhünnberg and Sperberslohe in which they have credited four points. This
has been their first match without an obtained goal also after they
have regularly scored goals into the previous seven. Coach Wersich has
on the other hand much more problems in the defence which has
surrendered in the last four rounds every time twice. Because of this
has this Dickenbüchel expert been heralded that he even will play with
five players in the last row against Dessow, in which the defenders
Jaennerwein and Hakmann will have of course many offensive tasks. The three
of Bent-Agbonlahor Heskey is expected from most but also this time.
Johenning probably will seem a little more defensive to help the returnee
Willibald and the weak Langenhorst a little in the midfield. Langenhorst should get
the precedence over stove and Ireland also besides the slight injury.
Here one should mention that coach Wersich has won lately very little
time of job the French midfield player N since it Zogbia gives the
absolute confidence has not come from Obergrainet yet also the
experienced one Anreppen lasting, '.

Expected list Ernatsreute villa: Fuhrer, Rodermel, Apenbrink, Altheiner,
Hakmann, Ristow, Langenhorst, Johenning, Schmidmaier, Gross

Although the team of Dessow credits the points mainly at home in this
season, we think that much better guests from Blümling will remain
undefeated at least this time, since they would like to apologize to
her fans for the defeat against the Gisas and therefore wait for
the match of the next round with the current master, Unterirrach MHGU
in a positive atmosphere.