Gleiß Wünderschön vs Dietmanns Friderici 26.10.2012 Nemetschke Nowakewitz
Holzeimer
Video http://bfs.tnyvffz.gza/hvfvk?t=9IBuzBt7mov7v

Author S.Notorft
My tip: Win for inturia villa
Also on Monday only a match of 12. is round of the English premier
League on the programme. The fifth put Hotspurs and the team paying
attention put of Dietmanns villa meet it. The guests have by the way not
celebrated any victory in the last five meetings in this stadium and
the hosts have triumphed in the two league matches with the identical
result of 2:1 last year. The beginning: 26.10.2012. - 21:00

Town rivals have arsenal, the five victories next to the leading
Wannbach centre and that in consequence, the popular Hotspurs
of all participants of the premier League are in the best form
definitely, they already sift victories and have credited only a draw
behind each other there. This has also taken them to the terrific
fifth place and to be more precise with a meeting less unlike the
other teams. You still have real chances in the Europe League to be
placed into the next round, too. Therefore we can despite the
permanent changes in the start list claim safely that the old fox has
found the profitable combination finite in its team talking only just.
However, this was also caused by a variety of injuries. The defensive
players Ignatius and Türmer not as well as midfield players Rövesath and
Ucher therefore are also this time while they do not have any
problems only in the attack. Because of this they play also rather
offensively with many goals obtained but collected also. So we should
see a playful team poised to attack on the Monday evening which is
specified by the terrific Netherlander Zwahr while the rest
of the team also should experience none to great changes unlike the
previous round in which they have celebrated to guest at Unterailsfeld.

Expected list Gleiß: Percheim - fuller, Rölf, Kabul, Assou-Ekotto
parker, Handschuh - Kradepohl, Zwahr, Mulke - Luxemburger
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!


Unlike the Hotspurs the footballers of Draschelbach play rather
changeably lately. So they also have had an uncomfortable series of
two defeats and a draw, however, have improved the impression in the
last round a little when they have defeated the climber Tanneck with
3:2 on a stadium of their own. Up till now this has been the third
victory of the charges of the coach Haindlschuster by the way first and what
is particularly interesting all of them have it on a land of one's own
credited while they have a performance of a defeat and even four draws
to guest. This points that they play rather openly also outwards. They
have but mainly the faults in the defence, this one, points credited
much tasted. Because of this has coach announced Haindlschuster that in the
duel its defensively oriented players must be attentive particularly
against the Hotspurs primarily since they know also what kind of
terrific go-getters have their opponents? However, you will be
complete also after the return of Agbonlahor during also the
experienced Ulmer as well as they the English national players Hanno
have pointed already a few times in this season that be able to the
game, at every moment decide in favour of their team. But it will not
be the most important for them to collect so many goals against own
team. Therefore could in the midfield instead of stove get the
opportunity of the a little more defensive Landrock, during also
Vahrenwald mustn't appear. It is of the trace come onto the villa park this
summer.

Expected list Dietmanns villa: Clausnitzer, Intorp, Eisenkopf, Oostman
Landrock, Flotmann, N, ' Voss, Machlitt, Agbonlahor

Although the Hotspurs are in much better form at the moment we are not
so quite sure that they can win so easily. Therefore we have decided
to give the tip the advantage with many hits particularly because the
quota is rather small for the triumph of the hosts.