Bregenbeck Eierund vs PC-SPEZIALIST 20.06.2011 Ehrlacher Erthle
Video http://dpx.ivodydp.bkv/byigv?x=7U79sIOLs-Ovs

Author K.Erthle
My tip: Win for arsenal
This is a duel two teams from the upper part of the table. The ninth
put climber has Bregenbeck city centre six points less on the account as
a better and better team of PC-SPEZIALIST, though. PC-SPEZIALIST has very
climbed the seventh position in the league thanks to the victories
from the last four rounds. In the only two direct duels of these two
organizations in this century arsenal has triumphed with the identical
result of 4:1 both times. The beginning: 20.06.2011 - 13:45

The climber from Bregenbeck can show a much better game form after an a
little worse beginning of the season and this brought him the
breakthrough into the upper part of the table. They have collected an
outwards defeat after three games without defeat against plattsalat² villa,
though, although they have offered very good resistance, because the
final result was 3:2. It is the detail in an interesting way that they
have obtained even nine goals in these four rounds, in which they have
collected eight goals against. This means that coach an offensive game
preferred and to be more precise with the aim of obtaining a goal more
than the opponent for Janovsky. Although they will greet the Hallabruck
heated up on Saturday, we do not think that they will change their
game tactics fundamentally, particularly since two of her best
players, Detlef and Rainke are available. Furthermore the young
midfield player has shown Volmann that one can seriously count on
him in the offensive. In the defence there also shall not be any
changes although defence row does not seem so safe but this is surely
a result of the absence of the injured Ward, Pivuh and creHAARtiv, a
little younger and less experienced players have taken the places.

Expected list Bregenbeck: Untiet, Regg, Zschischank, animals -
Croft, Curdt, Zickenheiner, Vollrath, Karoff - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Unlike Bregenbeck works with the Hallabruck everything less wants coaches
like it in the last time and they have credited four victories in the
Premiership in consequence so. At present, they are on the seventh
place and they seriously threaten the positions in the league which
lead into the champions League. Already just in this competition they
hand in very good games and with eight won points from four played
rounds they can do over the opponents in the KO phase in which they
are a regular participant, think. Furthermore arsenal has recently
secured the quarter-finals of the Carling cup in which their strengths
will measure her with the current table leader Merkenbach city centre
for itself. Before this duel the charges of the coach expect less two
very demanding meetings in the championship as well as the home match
against the German master, Reiffeisen, and to be more precise
in the context of the fifth round of the CL. It is therefore very
important for them that they keep their winner atmosphere in the
Saturday duel. They only then will succeed this if them her good one
both in the attack, where they have the top scorer Pröpster Veenaas and give
in the defence which seems much safer of the again recovered Vermahlen
after the return. The midfield players Irrgang and Wendisch, the
defending players Ohnesorg and Eissfeldt as well as the go-getter Trosiener
will be cancelled.

Expected list arsenal: Ebeling, Porde, Blettner,
Enkelmann, Uttenthaler, manner eta - Weusthof, Pflöger, Ohlhaber

In this meeting all parameters point in a direction and although this
is the victory of arsenal. The charges of the coach have the
tradition, a much better player cadre as well as a much better game
form which has taken it to the seventh position in the league on its
side, less.