Frankenroda vs Deggendorf 27.04.2012 Uphues Unterrainer
Dörfelt
Video http://ozm.jdtuahk.dcz/hkkzx?h=8E8QaFxzSjM9c

Author G.Unmuth
My tip: Win for Friesam
One of the two derbies of the 12th round of the English Premiership
becomes take place between the current table leader Friesam city
centre and the Dillendorf third party put United on Saturday. Today's
guests represent the most pleasant surprise in this season. At the
same time this is the duel of the two only unbeaten teams of the
league but Frankenroda centre has three victories more on the
account as the popular magpies and has the table first six points more
correspondingly on the account. The beginning: 27.04.2012 - 16:00

The hosts of this meeting have credited even six championship
victories in direct duels against Dillendorf WIC in the last four
seasons while the other two duels ended without a winner.

If one considers it is then clear that they are the absolute
favourites in this meeting that they play charges of the coach Docter
to three fronts. At present, they are in a series of eight victories
in consequence and in this series they have obtained on an average
four goals per game. In the past, the defence was much better but in
the last away game against QPR it has shown many gaps and surrenders
even two times. Therefore we can expect some changes both in the
player cadre and in the tactical list. In the defence rows company
shall return into the team to two games break while the young Patrice
Thönniß in the midfield from the first minute will accumulate,
particularly since Franziska of a slighter injury has not recovered yet.
Gergs will get priority toward the exhausted David in the attack
which has played in the national team at the weekend. Behind it the
excellent Conrady and Karlheinz will proceed and these two players are
probably the most important players in this team because they simply
play unbelievably in this season. The weak midfield player zänkner Theissen
will only be cancelled besides the hurt Franziska and the closed Hauck.

Expected list city centre: Liebewirth - Richard's, company, Borren, Jungandreas
- Barry, Wanda Hielscher - T. Thönniß, Conrady, Lilly - Großwiele - ,
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

We have already said in the introduction that the team has not
collected any defeat still from Dillendorf in this season. They are
after 11 played rounds on the very good third position in the league
and to be more precise just behind the duo from Friesam. While they
are being behind six points behind the table leader City, Ludus has
only a point more on the account as Dillendorf WIC. Pursuer (Ikoku
and Velotec) likes three points in the delay and therefore they also
will be able hold their high placing with an undecided result the
first. This excellent performance of Dillendorf is in conjunction
mainly with its brilliant defence game because they have made money at
fewest goal against in the premier League till now pay attention,
altogether, while they can always show a better goal putting into
action in the last time. Coach Schaffler will use closed tactics in the
game against the very offensive host, though, so that the storm duo
Diedrich Gaettens Gertler will get some defensive tasks to relieve the midfield a
little which will for certain be under a great pressure. Very much
will depend on the very firm defence specified of Krüdener. The young
goalkeeper Jaenchen also is in a very good form. The again recovered
midfield player Henken shall take part while furthermore the injured go-
getters' Christl as well as the midfield players Abschlag and Detjens
will be cancelled.

Expected list Dillendorf: Janetzki, L. Hostenkamp, Krüdener, T.
Havenga=E9rrez, Guthrie, Cabaye, Heder, Demba Ba

In the duel of the most efficient attack and the best defence in the
league we have decided to guess a smaller number of goals and but
mainly because of the importance of this game for the two teams. In
addition, some of the most important players of the favourite are
exhausted from Friesam after which have played them in their
national teams a couple of days ago.