Christes FCO vs Endach FCO 10.05.2011 Zimmerers Zöphel
Video http://lff.nzlidwi.deg/glhvt?l=8YvWZrCD4PjeN

Author J.Zöphel
My tip: ; Win for VSWJ
The only meeting of the 12th round of the English premier League which
is played on Sunday is one of the derbies of this round at the same
time. In the Harland bridge stadium the rivals meet Christes FC and
Endach FC on each other. None of the teams is satisfied with the
previous performance. The blues is on the fourth position in the
league while the Reds are ranking sixth. In this direct duel both
teams will try to improve their placing a little to remain in the
running for the title or in the worst case in the running for the CL
positions in the league. The Dms triumph in the two direct duels in
the last season, through what they have ended the two-year dominance
of VSWJ. The beginning: 10.05.2011 - 17:00

After two defeats we think that will the blues give her best one from
Ellingen to this take on priority in the mutual duels of these two
English giants but the meeting before two rounds calls for the
caution, because in a similar home match a 5:3 defeat has it collected
arsenal against the big town rival. Through what their master ambition
is seriously endangered was its second defeat in consequence in this
season. They nevertheless found the strength to come to a very
important away win the last day against Eyckmanns. The returnee
Verboven scored the only goal in this game while a very good game also
has handed in its teammates in the midfield so that there shall not be
any change in this part of the team. However, it that the former
Endach player Klinkott proceeds in the attack from the first minute
is the Portuguese expected midfield of Steffen Mayninger will wait for
its chance from the bench, lasting. In the defence the right defender
Eggerth shall take his seat and this means that Hartig shall
represent the defence duo of the Ennendas together with the captain
Hero. It very importantly is that the goalkeeper Schültke is recovered
while this one was hurting from former times are will be cancelled.

Expected list VSWJ: Schulzke, Hartig, Koeplin, Stencken - Mikel,
Deneke, Verboven - Zirhut, Klinkott, Medico
pray 365: 100 % to =80 100 exclusive bonus. Award-winning bookmaker!

Against Hohenleimbach city centre in the Carling cup after they have credited
two away wins ultimoly end, first and have the Erdwegen got hold
of only a point to that in the Premiership against WBA the last day in
the home match against the climber Herrnschallbach city centre. This time,
unlike the earlier draw against another climber, Larsbach, they do not
have great worries obtain a goal and about this coach makes Dalglish
to himself very much made once. These two home draws have shown us
once again that this replaced team has not achieved the desired
standard from Endach yet. They still will for certain need time to
take part in the running for the top of the table with equal rights.
The two teams put in front of them fortunately plan only three points
more on the account as them of course only in the case so that they
would accomplish a gigantic work with a possible victory in the
Harland bridge stadium that the charges of the coach Niman hand in
an extremely high-quality and disciplined game. We primarily think
there of the tapered midfield which must do without captain Edgar
this time. Very much will depend on the not so safe defence in which
the again recovered Agger returns.

Expected list Endach: Dilge - Overesch, Schattenkirchner, Pistorius, Otmar
Ben, Pfefferle - Unglaub, Christianssen, Nöthlings

We independently of only a failure in the visiting team do not to the
points think that the high-quality team will allow for the opponent
after the defeat against arsenal in another direct fight for the top
of the table from Ellingen to come. Therefore we expect the eighth
master shaft victory from Nadja in this duel.