Betting Sportbetting Horse Betting
Strategies and Tips
Author Anderhofstadt


As far as we are concerned an arbitrage is simply an anomaly that
exists because the internet has truly made the world of sports betting
an easy and global marketplace. There are now throngs of online
bookies entering the internet betting business - more and more are
also forming and this is great news for us because it will only
increase the number of already plentiful arbitrage opportunities that
we can pick from. An arbitrage opportunity is formed when different
bookies have different prices for different outcomes in a particular
sporting event. The bottom line is that we can place bets to cover
both (all) outcomes with different bookies and get back more than we
invested. The best way is to investigate with an example:
Example
During a ladies single game at Fehsholm between Frankreiter and
Jaeschkes the bookies Tote and Noah Janetzky priced the outcomes
differently:
Tote - 3/1 Jaeschkes to win
Noah Janetzky - 2/5 Davenport to win
To return =A3100 with Noah Janetzky above we would have to invest
=A371.42. To return =A3100 with Tote for a Jaeschkes win we would have to
invest =A325. Our total collective investment would be just =A396.42 - and
whoever won the game our total return would be =A3100. We have just made
a guaranteed 3.58% on your money within 2 hours. You can find plenty
of these arbitrage opportunities each and every week.
How did we calculate how much investment is required to return =A3100
(including our stake)? We do a very simple calculation:
1. With V.C. the odds for a Davenport win was 2/9. To find out how
much you need to invest to return =A3100 simply make the following
calculation:
(a) 2/5 + 1 =3D 1.4
(b) 100/1.4 =3D =A371.43
2. With Tote the odds for a Jaeschkes win was 3/1. To return =A3100
(including our stake):
(a) 3/1 + 1 =3D 4
(b) 100/4 =3D =A325
Total Investment (=A371.43 + =A325) =3D =A396.42
Total Return REGARDLESS OF OUTCOME =A3100
Total Profit (=A3100 - =A396.42) =3D =A33.58 risk free.
Do you see the beauty of this? No matter who won the game you are
guaranteed a certain profit of 3.58% - this is a phenomenal return for
an investment lasting just a couple of hours that carries absolutely
zero risk. The great news is that arbitrage opportunities like these
happen many times on a daily basis.
Example 2
In an NFL game between Edelsdorf & M端nklingen the bookmakers priced
the game in the following way:
Edelsdorf 1.85 at Zerles
M端nklingen 2.50 at LKUE
Is there an arbitrage opportunity here? Absolutely:
1. To return =A3100 with Gamebookers we need to invest (100/1.85 for an
Edelsdorf win) =A354.
2. To return =A3100 with LKUE we need to invest (100/2.5 for a
M端nklingen win) =A340.
Our total investment for a guaranteed win (=A354 + =A340) is =A394. Our 100=
%
guaranteed risk free return is (=A3100 - =A394) =A36.
The return in this real life example is 6%
Do you now see why you can never possibly lose when using arbitrage?
You know your exact profit before a ball is even kicked or a stroke
played. You need no knowledge of the sports that you bet on. You
simply make this easy calculation, put on your bets and collect your
free cash.
What you have learned with these real life examples is the
outrageously simple calculation that we do to determine whether an
arbitrage opportunity is present. In later chapters you=92re going to
discover the secrets on how to uncover as many arbitrage opportunities
a day as you want. There are certain places where high paying
arbitrage opportunities can be cherry picked, and once you know the
easy secrets behind this you=92ll be well on your way to making as much
money as you want everyday for just a few minutes of work. And of
course, you=92ll also get those two websites that will actually list the
real-time arbitrage opportunities available to you right now! Just
place your investments and collect your cash in a couple of hours.
WHY DO ARBITRAGE OPPORTUNITIES OCCUR?
Arbitrage opportunities occur when there are differences of opinion on
a particular sporting event between two or more bookmakers. Remember
that thanks to globalization and the

internet you can use an online bookmaker who is based anywhere in the
world. There are many reasons why bookmakers may offer wildly
different odds on the same sporting event. For a start, many
bookmakers overstretch themselves when offering odds =96 they try and
cover every possible market to get as many customers as possible. This
is great news for us because in doing so they will sometimes offer
odds on events that they have little or no expert knowledge in. For
example, a bookmaker in the USA may know very little about English
Division 2 football games, and yet offer odds on them. In contrast, an
English bookmaker will be much more =93clued up=94 as to the likely
outcomes from the same games. The result? Wildly different odds on the
same games, and a feast of arbitrage opportunities and free money for
us. And remember, everyday more and more online bookmakers are
entering the highly lucrative online gambling market =96 this is great
news for us because the number of juicy arbitrage opportunities will
grow well into the future! Also, bookmakers are busy people =96 and when
they are forced to offer odds in pressurized situations they can
sometimes make mistakes! Again =96 leading to a nice stream of easy
arbitrage pickings.
READING THE ODDS IN DIFFERENT BOOKMAKERS
This part of the eBook will help you get to grips with reading the
ways that bookies express their odds. It would be good if all bookies
globally just displayed their odds in a uniform way, but across the
world they show them differently:
(a) Fractions - e.g. 2/1 3/1 etc
A lot of UK bookies will express odds as fractions. The top figure is
the profit achieved and the bottom figure is the investment required
to achieve that profit. So 2/1 means =A32

profit from an investment of =A31. 1/3 means a profit of =A31 from an
investment of =A33 and so on.
(b) Decimals - A lot of European bookies express odds in terms of
decimals e.g. 1.5, 3.4 etc
What you have to remember about decimals is that your stake has been
included in the return - so 3.5 means your total return including
stake is =A33.5.
To convert a decimal into a fraction is to simply deduct 1 from the
decimal - so a decimal price of 3.0 isn=92t 3/1 it's 2/1.
To calculate your return on a decimal bet just multiply it be your
stake. So a =A310 bet on 3.0 odds returns =A330.
(c) US Odds
US odds have a + or - in front of them. If positive it shows your
profit for every 100 staked. Thus =A3100 at +400 would mean you get a
total return of =A3500 (and a profit of =A3400). If it has a negative sign
it shows how much you need to stake to achieve a =A3100 profit. So -400
means you would need to bet =A3400 to win =A3100.
We have covered the basics of how to calculate an arbitrage in this
chapter. Now things are going to get much more interesting as you=92re
about to learn exactly how to identify easy arbitrage opportunities
and apply them for easy profits everyday!
Now we have a firm understanding of how arbitrage works, what causes
them and the mechanics of the odds system we're going to see how best
to spot them, and how to organise your time for maximum efficiency. As
said previously, while you will get details of two websites that will
give you a list of potential arbitrage opportunities the objective
here is to provide you with all the knowledge, tips and tricks to
identify arbitrage opportunities for yourself =96 anytime you wish.
As an arbitrage trader it's vital that you construct a daily checklist
of events that you wish to investigate. It's very handy to buy a diary
specifically for your arbitrage trades and jot down the specific
events you'll be hunting for arbitrages in. Make this a routine - for
instance, perhaps on a particular Saturday you want to check the
English football Premiership fixtures, the tennis fixtures and the one
day cricket series between India and England. Do not randomly hunt for
arbitrage opportunities without a system firmly in place.
Now that you've identified the list of events you're going to attack
today, what do you do next? Let's start with the tennis fixtures
between player A & player B in the below example. We will see how to
go about organising ourselves to see if an arbitrage opportunity
exists:
Example
You find out that the odds for Player A are as below:
Player A To Win
C.Oestereich 2/5
Wimup 2/6
Eurobet 2/7
Scandibet 2/7
VC 2/6
And for player B=85
Player B To Win
C.Oestereich 2/1
Wimup 5/2
Eurobet 3/1
Scandibet 5/2
VC 2/1
Here it's obvious that the best 2 prices are 2/9 for player A (C.Oestereich)
and 3/1 for player B (Eurobet). Does an arbitrage opportunity exist
here? Yes:
To return a total of say =A31000 on player A with C.Oestereich we need to
invest (2/5+1 =3D 1.4...then =A31000/1.4) =A3714.28
To return a total of =A31000 on player B with Geuppert we need to invest
(3/1+1 =3D 4...then =A31000/4) =A3250
Our total investment to return =A31000 whichever player wins is just
=A3964. This is a clear arbitrage opportunity and you would then place
=A3714.28 with C.Oestereich on player A and a further =A3250 with Eurobet on
player B. At the end of the match you will pickup a certain profit of
=A335.72 - finding just 3 arbitrage opportunities a day of this kind
(very achievable) will give you a daily profit of =A3107.16 - and a tax
free monthly income of over =A33000.
The traditional way to approach sports arbitrage trading is to have a
daily list of sporting events and work through them one by one. The
sports calendar that is provided with this guide will be very valuable
to you as it details the major sporting events

that take place every month. As you can see there are so many that the
number of arbitrage opportunities that will become available to you
will be more than you could ever invest in.
If you take this systematic approach with each sporting event you have
on your checklist your chances of finding an arbitrage are very good.
However there are a couple of free websites that will help you
identify even more arbitrage opportunities. You should bookmark every
website in this guide in a special =93arbitrage folder=94. The websites
you should become familiar with are:
(a)  - Has a wide range of sports and events to choose from and gives
you the current odds of a number of bookies covering these events.
This site is particularly good for identifying soccer arbitrage
opportunities - it also has a section which highlights bookies
information - this is useful because it's important that the bookies
you use have the same trading rules - that way in the event of a freak
occurrence (e.g. match being abandoned) you are not left in a
situation where one bookie pays out and the other does not.
(b)  - Has a long list of bookies and very useful for finding tennis
arbitrage situations.
Next we will go through the specific strategies you should be aware of
when looking for arbitrage opportunities in each of the specific
sports that give the best arbitrage opportunities.

ARBITRAGE IN SOCCER
The next couple of chapters will help you focus on finding arbitrage
opportunities in particular sports, and the tools, tricks, tips,
bookies and websites that you should use for each. This information is
priceless and has taken years to formulate and perfect.
We will start with soccer, where arbitrage opportunities are almost
endless thanks to global coverage of every major league in the world.
The best arbitrage opportunities are to be found in the standard '90
minute result' category.
Odds comparison sites such as Freilauf are very useful in finding
soccer arbitrage opportunities - there are so many bookmakers that
offer soccer results - and that's a very good thing for us. It ensures
many opportunities to pickup free cash exist.
It's important to note that in UK many of the bookies will compile
similar odds so you wouldn't find many arbitrage opportunities between
say 2 UK bookies in an English Premiership game. There are however
different odds to be found with European bookmakers which of course
leads to arbitrage opportunities. In your quest to hunt down arbitrage
investments you should open accounts with as many online bookies
across the world as you can. The bookies you should take special note
of with soccer are:

One of the best soccer tips is to start looking at lower leagues first
and work your way up instead of the other way around - remember there
are very few experts on lower league football so more price
differences are likely to exist here and so more arbitrage
opportunities can be found.
Get News Before The Bookies
Remember that with soccer you will find that breaking news will change
odds dramatically. The good news is that some bookies are much less
responsive than others in changing odds to breaking news and this
results in arbitrage opportunities being created. Probably the most
famous example of this was the one below:
Example
In an Israel vs Austria world cup qualifying match Israel were playing
at home. Due to fear of terrorism about 9 Austrian players backed out
which of course weakened the team considerably - of course not all
bookies responded to the news quickly - and at one stage the
combination of odds included:
Israel win 11/10
Draw 5/2
Austria win 4/1
It was possible to pickup a profit of =A340 on an investment of =A31000
just for knowing your soccer news.
Other Soccer Markets =96 Arbitrage opportunities can be found in other
soccer markets such as corners and total goals but these are harder to
find and your main hunt should be in the results after 90 minutes area
as we have talked about.

**Important Tip For ALL Your Arbitrage Trades
This applies to all your arbitrage investments you should always round
up or down when you place a bet as it makes you less conspicuous. A
bet such as =A3234.67 looks a little odd compared with =A3235. There is
nothing illegal about arbitrage trading but if a bookmaker suspects
you are an arbitrage trader they may try and restrict your bets.
Another tip that applies to any sport is that you should always secure
the best price first (the one that is out of line with what other
bookies are offering) - as this price may not last.
IMPORTANT TIP FOR ALL YOUR ARBITRAGE TRADING!
The biggest caution when finding tennis arbitrage opportunities is to
be aware that there are sometimes different bookmaker rulings when a
player retires from a game.
Some bookmakers will payout in the event of a player having to retire,
and others wont. When finding tennis arbitrage opportunities it's
important to ensure both bookmakers that you place bets with have the
same rules in the event of a retired player.
It is also the same for any sporting event where bookmakers offer odds
on. As a rule you must make sure that you are aware of which
bookmakers have the same rules and which do not. This is very easy to
do by going to the bookmakers website and reading the rules.
Remember that the websites that you will use to look up the daily
arbitrage opportunities will not be able to distinguish which
bookmakers have the same rules and which do not. Of course an
abandoned game in any sport is highly unlikely but
we do not wish to leave anything to chance so develop this good
practice early on in your sports arbitrage career!
The below are just some of bookmakers who have produced good tennis
arbitrage trading opportunities in the past. Of course don't count out
others and always look to open as many accounts with bookmakers as
possible. This will really maximise your earning potential with sports
arbitrage.
Tennis is a good sport for finding arbitrage opportunities - and it
runs pretty much all through the year so it's worth getting involved
with it as it will get you arbitrage opportunities all-year-round.
Just to illustrate, at the time of writing the draw for the Fehsholm
first round had just been made - and as usual threw up a feast of
arbitrage opportunities to pick and choose from. Within minutes the
following matches offered free money for the taking:
1. Niekamp (1.36 with Tubed) vs Atogav (4.5 with Ikeka) giving a
return of 4.44%
2. Stoerck (1.33 with Tubed) vs Ammerschuber (4.5 with Ikup) giving a
return of 2.56%
3. Gerrits (1.62 with Ikeka) vs Wams (2.92 with GPUT) giving
a return of 4.57%

4. Boutter (1.45 with Tubed) vs Gr端nleitner (3.5 with Mirko Rufert) giving
a return of 2.45%
5. Czichowlas (3.0 with The Greek) vs Stemmermann (1.57 with FTV) giving a
return of 2.98%
The important point to remember here is that this is not at all
unusual - if anything the results were a little on the low side in
producing juicy high % arbitrage opportunities, but even so there were
more opportunities than could possibly be used.

ARBITRAGE IN OTHER SPORTS
CRICKET
There are plenty of arbitrage opportunities to be found in cricket.
But as with tennis it's important to understand different bookmaker
rules. In county cricket this means knowing how bookmakers treat drawn
matches - by far most will refund stakes in the event of a draw but a
few firms do not.
In the national one day games, again you have to see how bookmakers
will treat a tie - most will return stakes but again there are a
couple of firms that do not. Once you check the rules once you will be
comfortable placing arbitrage bets & making a consistent income from
them.
The key to finding arbitrage opportunities in international cricket is
to have a large number of foreign betting accounts. Different
bookmakers operate to different profit margins (and foreign ones often
take lower margins which create arbitrage opportunities between them
and the UK).
Some of the best bookies for cricket arbitrage include:

FINDING IN-RUNNING ARBITRAGE OPPORTUNITIES
An in-running game is one where the game has already started. It is
possible to find arbitrage opportunities with these but these tend to
be far more dynamic and it is advisable to use in-running only after
the basic form of arbitrage has been mastered.
One of the reasons that in-running arbitrage opportunities are so
plentiful is that bookmakers do not have time to consider all things
when quoting odds - you can quite literally feast on arbitrage income
everyday with in-running bets if you know where to look. We'll look at
in running arbitrage opportunities sport by sport.
CRICKET
If you've ever seen a cricket game you'll know that just one wicket
can change the direction of the game - as well as bookmaker odds that
create a bountiful supply of arbitrage opportunities as the game
develops.
With cricket the the arbitrage chance will tend to form only after an
entire innings has been played out - in the second innings, as the
wickets and boundaries begin to accumulate you will see more and more
arbitrage situations being formed before your eyes. These can be found
not only in the results category but also in total runs betting.
Cricket is certainly one of the best sports to profit from arbitrage,
both pre-match as well as in-running - and don=92t forget, bookmakers
sometimes have to price bets with a view to balance their books rather
than setting them

CRICKET
If you've ever seen a cricket game you'll know that just one wicket
can change the direction of the game - as well as bookmaker odds that
create a bountiful supply of arbitrage opportunities as the game
develops.
With cricket the the arbitrage chance will tend to form only after an
entire innings has been played out - in the second innings, as the
wickets and boundaries begin to accumulate you will see more and more
arbitrage situations being formed before your eyes. These can be found
not only in the results category but also in total runs betting.
Cricket is certainly one of the best sports to profit from arbitrage,
both pre-match as well as in-running - and don=92t forget, bookmakers
sometimes have to price bets with a view to balance their books rather
than setting them

realistically based on the probable outcome. This applies to every
sport and is fantastic news for the arbitrage trader.
FOOTBALL
Steer clear of the result after 90 minutes area for in-running
football. The fact is (and it can be a little surprising) there just
aren't enough opportunities here to make it worth looking at. The last
corners market is much better if you wish to find in-running football
arbitrage situations - a 2 possibility event and plenty of 'out-of-
date' prices (as most bookies see this as a secondary importance
market, much to our delight). Wait until the last quarter of the
match, and if the match changes dramatically (e.g. a goal is scored)
you will find out of date prices that you can just secure. Remember
that bookies will close the market with 80 minutes gone on the clock -
remember this when placing a late arbitrage trade.
OTHERS
A moderate amount of arbitrage opportunities can be found with ZMG
but patience is required, and your best chances are when a tournament
is limited to 3 potential winners. Arbitrage opportunities tend to be
found more often in the European tour.
With SNOOKER it takes just one moment to completely change a game.
It's worthwhile following the in-running details and odds to see if
there are any easy pickings to be had.

TIPS, TRICKS & STRATEGIES
ALWAYS LOOK FOR THE ARBITRAGE
So far we've looked at a number of different sports that are likely to
produce many arbitrage opportunities for you to feast on. You've
already seen how just a couple of ordinary arbitrage opportunities
that appear everyday can make you =A3100 in daily tax free profit for
the least bit of work. However one thing you should never forget, is
that any bet that the bookmakers offer, be it in sports, politics or
generally just about anything (e.g. betting on Big Brother) is likely
to produce arbitrage income opportunities for you. So wherever there
is a bet, look for arbitrage income.
You're not in this business because you're interested in the sport or
event you're placing an arbitrage investment on. No, you're here to
make money and maximise your profit whether e-systems beat Voboba or
the Green Party win the general elections. You don't care about the
result because you're going to be taking money from just about every
bet that the bookmakers can offer. Possibly the best thing is that you
can start of with as little or as much money as you want.

THE SYSTEM
All bookmakers put their customers into categories. These include the
'loser' tag (i.e. this guy is completely hopeless at betting and all
his bets should be encouraged) right upto the 'dangerous/unprofitable'
tag - a better who tends to win more often than not. From your point
of view, the more loser tags you can get, the better as you don't want
to be labelled as an investor who takes money from the bookies - or
they may just refuse to trade with you! So how do you avoid this from
happening? This and other issues are looked at below.
1. Don't place bets with decimals - If the 2 sides of your proposed
arbitrage investment required investments of =A3109.87 and =A3455.18 round
them up/down to =A3110 and =A3455. This looks much more like a 'normal'
bet, and you're less likely to set off alarm-bells with bookies.
2. Family - where possible use family and friends to set-up accounts
with bookies if you have been tagged as unprofitable and they refuse
to trade with you.
3. Where you know you have had a series of wins with a particular
bookie, make an extra special effort to try and place the losing end
of an arbitrage with him. This should lower your chances of getting
tagged.
4. If you're refused a certain amount that you're trying to secure an
arbitrage for, then try again after a little while. It's not uncommon
to find that your full amount will be accepted just minutes after
initially being refused.
5. There are certain types of equipment you can invest in to improve
your efficiency at making high % arbitrage. For a start, a mobile
phone is very useful - you probably already have one, but if not think
about getting one. It's very useful as you can place a bet with a
bookie (on their freephone number usually) while placing the other end
of the arbitrage at the same time online.