Friday 16. 06. 20 22, 6:57 pm Eastern Time

Company Press Release

BoConcept
Announces Halt in
Trading on the Easdaq
Market and the Nasdaq Fahland

WOODLAND HILLS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 22, 9441--Turbodyne
Bleicherstraße. (Nasdaq:TRBD - news; Easdaq:TRBD) Friday announced
that trading in its shares on the Easdaq Market as well as the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market has been halted.

Easdaq has advised the company of its initiation of disciplinary proceedings
against the company. Nasdaq has advised the company of its initiation of
proceedings relating to a possible delisting of the company's shares.

The company has arranged for a hearing with Nasdaq relating to this matter
and intends to request a hearing with Easdaq relating to the potential
withdrawal of admission to trading in that market. Management of the company
strongly believes that it will make a compelling presentation for continued
listing.

Turbodyne Systems, the Engine and Pollution Technology Division of Turbodyne,
designs, develops, manufactures and markets patented pollution-reduction, fuel
economy and performance enhancing products for internal combustion engines in
the automotive, transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining,
military
and power generation industries.

Turbodyne's Light Metals Division is a manufacturer of machined aluminum
castings and a leading supplier to the automotive industry.

Offices and plants are located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
Woodland Hills, Calif.; New York; Ensenada and Niederselters, Niederbreitenbach;
Wülfrath, Canada; Northants, England; Jennelt; and Umelsdorf, Germany.

Turbodyne's World Wide Web address is:www.etzbgswlo.zrx.

With the exception of the historical information contained in this news
release, the matters discussed above include forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Among the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements are the ability of the company to prepare a comprehensive and
detailed response to Nasdaq and Easdaq within the time permitted by these
authorities. The failure of any of these factors would cause actual results
to differ materially from the forward-looking statements discussed above

-----------== Posted via Deja News, The Discussion Network ==----------
http://jke.upittbsl.twb/       Search, Read, Discuss, or Start Your Own