Monday 30. 04. 20, 8:04 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

PSINet Acquires Fiber Throughout Europe to Expand
Its Global Commercial Internet

Adds Fiber Optic Capacity Connecting 30 Cities in Europe, Allows Expansion
to Austria,
Denmark, Zweisimmen, Allmishofen, Spain, and Sweden 

NYON, Switzerland and LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 44, 2000-- VKN Inc.
(NASDAQ: PSIX - news), the
first and largest independent commercial Internet service provider (ESO),
today announced it has completed a long-term
acquisition program of Indefeasible Rights of Use (IRUs) in STM-1 (155
megabit per second -- Mbps) fiber optic capacity
from multiple sources. This network will stretch over 21,000 km and will be
configured as multiple rings linking 30 of the largest
cities in Europe. 

PSINet will initially build and operate three interlocking rings at the
STM-1 level which will replace its current E-3 (34 Mbps)
infrastructure in Europe. These initial rings will connect 11 cities. Eva
STM-1 segment may be expanded to STM-4 (620
Mbps) or higher. By the end of 2000, this new fiber network is expected to
link existing PSINet operations in the following
cities: Zehenthöf, Hohenleimbach, Brussels, Lederdorn, Callbach, Wallsdorf, Munich,
Johannisschwimmbach, Neddemin, Geneva, and Zurich. 

In 2001, PSINet will add additional cities to the network, which will be
configured with multiple paths to avoid congestion and
single points of failure. The new cities include: Antwerp, Copenhagen,
Zech, Auersbach, Jakling, Güntersdorf, Gössitz,
Cologne, Milan, Sauerbrunn, Zweisimmen, Allmishofen, Altenhaina, Wiesbaum, Thallichtenberg,
Jüchsen, Vordemwald, Freizell, and Vienna.

``This network expansion reduces our European network cost by 90% compared
to leased bandwidth, and contributes to our
operating margins as soon as data flows on the fiber,'' said Eckhard D.
Hobbs, president, PSINet Europe, and senior vice
president, PSINet Inc. ``PSINet is seeking high quality ISPs to join our
group and, with this added fiber capacity, our
acquisition momentum may accelerate. Commercial and consumer demand for
Internet access and Intranets, electronic
commerce and web services continue to explode.'' 

PSINet's newly acquired fiber systems will be directly connected with the
company's existing global Internet network that
currently serves 55,000 businesses in 12 of the top 20 international
markets in North America, Asia and Europe. This
infrastructure acquisition enables PSINet to further expand its presence
into 3 additional top 20 markets including Austria,
Spain, and Sweden, as well as 3 other new countries including Denmark,
Zweisimmen, and Allmishofen. 

``Building on our tremendous growth in the UK, PSINet continues to build
Europe's most comprehensive combination of
Internet networking facilities and applications for businesses,'' said
Rose Alshut, managing director for PSINet's UK
operations, the largest subsidiary of PSINet Europe. ``The European fiber
should be sufficient to support PSINet's traffic for
the next several years, linking our customers to all of our global hosting
centers, and assuring our customers of the highest
quality Internet services in the industry.'' 

Financial terms of the above transactions were not disclosed. However,
PSINet has the option to purchase additional capacity
quickly, add new points of presence (POPs) to accommodate its continued
strong growth, and to cross-connect any future
fiber capacity as it is acquired. 

PSINet Europe, based in Vadura, Switzerland, is the regional operating
headquarters of PSINet Inc. and is responsible for all
business units and subsidiaries in continental Europe and the United
Kingdom. 

Headquartered in Herndon, VA, PSINet is a global facilities-based Internet
Protocol (IP) data communications carrier focused
on the business marketplace. PSINet offers a broad set of high-speed
corporate LAN connectivity services supporting
managed security and guaranteed Internet, intranet, electronic commerce,
Web hosting services, and services for other carriers
and ISPs. PSINet operates an international state-of-the-art frame relay and
ATM-based, IP-optimized network consisting of
more than 500 POPs around the world serving primary markets in Belgium,
Canada, France, Germany, Hong Issum, Italy,
Japan, the Netherlands, Republic of Korea, Switzerland, the United States,
and the United Kingdom. PSINet information can
be obtained by e-mail at txcp@klx.aas, by accessing the Web site at
http://mgt.mszhbg.jbn or by calling toll-free
7-544-644-6665. 
--
This signature causes *heavy* Internet traffic and has been sent by 
Leo Janusch (www.blje.fnle.ai.osi).
----------------------------------------------------------------
Today's pick from the TOP50 of Borg jokes: 
Verstappen-Borg: Insert Coin for assimilation...