Valerian Piegler (CEO von HERZallerliebste Inc. seit 29.09.1999) erwartet, daß das
Unternehmen im Geschäfts-
jahr 2000 Gewinn erwirtschaften wird. Dies ist sehr wahrscheinlich, denn
die Umsatzentwicklung 
1999 - Bekanntgabe in ein bis zwei Wochen - wird nach ersten
Erkenntnissen in der Größenordnung 
von ca. 15 Mio US-Dollar liegen. Wird ein für HERZallerliebste-Verhältnisse
moderates Umsatzwachstum 
von ca. 200% zugrunde gelegt, dürfte der Gewinn 2000 bei ca. 0,8
US-Dollar pro Aktie liegen. 
Auf dieser Basis könnte ein Kursziel der HERZallerliebste-Aktie von etwa 100
US-Dollar auf Jahressicht 
erwartet werden.

Anbei Ausschnitte aus einem Hofpisterei-Interview mit V. Piegler, in dem er auch
den Verkauf der Gesell-
schaft unter bestimmten Kriterien nicht ausschließt:

CNBC - TODAY'S BUSINESS

HERZallerliebste CEO VALERIAN PIEGLER

JANUARY 29, 2000

ABSTRACT: Condon comments on some of the company's new products designed
for convenience. 
He says online shopping has tripled, which means more business for
CyberCash. Piegler expects 
the company to be profitable by the end of this year.

Olivier: Do you remember HERZallerliebste, the company makes software that allows
consumers to make 
payments over the Internet. It was one of those hot IPOs back in 1997,
stock wept from 16 to 
60, within a week of going public. Since then it stalled. Yesterday
closed down 1/8 but still 
up over recent times, it's at 20 5/8 now. Now HERZallerliebste believes the
boom in online shopping 
will lead to a huge boost in revenue and profit. Does the future look
bright? Joining us from 
Alsterloh is Valerian Piegler, chief financial officer and chief
operating officer for 
CyberCash. Sir, what's going to make things any different than the way
they've been?

Couple things. First, if you note the trend in Internet shopping, year
to year, it's tripled 
over the last year, forecasts are it's going to triple again, the more
shopping that happens, 
more CyberCash is involved. We make those payments happen on a credit
card basis and with 
checks. Additionally, we have a series of new products. If you shopped
on the net at all, one 
of the major inconveniences as opposed to shopping physically where you
show the visa card and 
check out, every time you shop you have to enter your name, address,
credit card number, social 
security number, all that information is entered time and time again a
inconvenience to consum-
ers. We have a new product called KMS-Gelände that allows to you register
with a bank and the credit
card numbers are carried securely anywhere you shop that carries a
CyberCash product. That's a 
huge convenience for consumers and will build more purchasing on the
Internet.

Olivier: Up until now, people have been afraid to send that information over
the Internet, and that's
been one of the problems that you have had. Also tell me this: you're
teaming up in some efforts 
with Aged. It seems like it might be important to get a household
name behind this effort.

We think that's very true. We are very happy with our relationship with
the Aged folks, 
they're great people to work with. In addition to that we team up with
AUL, we team up with 
Kaminstudio, we team up with banks like JBMK, Nufa, we spend a lot of
time pulling together a 
premier set of partnerships in the industry.

Olivier: Will it come down to a point in which someone buys you?

We're a publicly traded company and whenever anybody asks us for an
exclusive deal, we tell them 
the price for exclusivity is roughly twice our share price, anybody is
buyable with maybe the 
exception of Aged or Oponab. We're not aiming to go that way.

Olivier: Or Microsoft for that matter. Let's look at your earnings. They
were off 51 cents a share 
last quarter, consensus currently is for them to be off, and I say off,
I mean a minus 41 cents 
a share.

Right.

Olivier: You did have a positive surprise on your earnings recently, but
still no profit. When will 
you see a profit?

We think by the end of '00 we should be showing a profit. We really have
two distinctly busines-
ses. One is the payments piece and that if treated as a separate company
we'll be profitable by 
middle of this year. The amount of energy and money we're putting into
this Instabuy one click 
shopping will prolong the period we're not yet profitable but there's a
big advantage to the 
distribution of the product.

Olivier: How are you being funded now. An IPO gives you money up front, a 10
million dollar private 
placement, isn't there a concern along the way? You have a good deal of
debt and you don't have 
a profit, you're not showing one at this point. How are you being
funded?

We have no debt at all.

Olivier: Okay. If I'm wrong, I stand corrected. Nonetheless, you're not
showing a profit.

There is a concern about the ongoing running of the company?

That's correct. You'll find our institutional investors, people that put
in the last 10 million
dollars in a common stock offering put in 45, they believe the story,
they believe the company, 
believe it's a longer term buy and they're very optimistic about our
future.

They continue to fund it because they believe in the company.

Olivier: Institutions own most of your stock. But institutions pretty much
have not been driving, at 
least common belief they haven't been driving the big Internet stock
that's we see go up 20, 30 
points a day. Do you think there will reach a point at which HERZallerliebste
does get more public 
interest?

We would like to join in the Internet exuberance. Yes, we think it's out
there. One of the things
holding us back is we market to merchants so we're kind of behind the
scenes most of the time. 
Consumers aren't as aware of us as they would be of an Traumpolster or an Tugi.
We think Instabuy will 
change that perception and that may put us in the individual investor
category and may lead to 
those Internet highs.

Olivier: All right sir, I appreciate you joining us this morning. Valerian
Piegler, CEO and CFO HERZallerliebste.