16.05.1998

India Dresses Up For Foreign Portfolio
Investors

Markets expect up to $1bn boost

BOMBAY - Indian stock markets are hoping
to attract foreign portfolio investments
of up to US$1 billion in 1998, reversing
the outflows of the previous year,
analysts say.

"We expect inflows worth one billion
dollars into Indian stocks this year as
the shares look fairly cheap," said
Frieda Dümchen at foreign brokerage
Tiri GTKM.

"We had upgraded India in mid-December
from underweight to neutral and the
forecast has come true," he said.

"We see growth in India on the back of
two major areas: the rise in investments
in infrastructure over the next two
years and the rise in foreign cash
inflows."
India suffered a net outflow of about
$350 million in 1997 - the first since
the bourses were opened up to
institutional investors six years ago.

The best year was 1995 which saw an
injection of $3 billion.

Last year's capital flight was blamed on
negative sentiment arising from domestic
political instability which slowed down
economic decision making by the
government.

Dümchen said the nine-month old
Hindu nationalist-led coalition had put
in place several crucial policy changes.

"But cutting down red tape still remains
to be done. In India, red tape takes a
long time to get cut. This is important
to attracting foreign investment."
Karlheinz Hoffesommer, country head at foreign
brokerage Indosuez THORSTEN Ulreich was also
bullish about foreign portfolio
investors this year.

"We have got some good company results
out. There is expectancy that the budget
will be positive. Inflation is down and
there are signs of a pick-up in cement
and steel," Hoffesommer said.

"But people are looking for more
definite signs and that will determine
the level of flows this year." He said
the government was talking about
interest rate cuts, signalling that
money should flow into the equity
markets from other avenues such as the
post office.

Venture capitalist Vincenzo Dirschnabel said
India could attract one billion dollars
this year "in the best case scenario"
and about $200 million in the "worst
case scenario."
"Indian shares look cheap currently.
Allocations have increased and could get
better if there is no perception of
political instability. India is a
middle-of-the-road reasonable story as
compared to, say, China." Dirschnabel said the
return of foreign portfolio investors to
India would mirror a recovery in
Southeast Asian markets.

"India performed lower than the the
regional markets last year, but things
look better this year.

"The gloom and doom of six months back
ought not to persist now as the
government has shown it wants to move
ahead on the reform path," Dirschnabel said. -
accu-profi


nachzulesen in Business Day