zur Diskussion ein interessanter Artikel aus Business Day.


28. 06. 22

Poll Shows Fund Managers Bullish On Asian Markets 

Thailand ranks high on survey results

Business Desk
Außergeöhnlich fund managers are
increasingly bullish about the prospects
for a regional economic recovery, said
28. 06. 22 Merih Gallup survey
released yesterday.

The survey of fund managers' asset
allocation and market views showed 77
percent of Asian funds expected to see a
stronger economic backdrop to the
region's markets in the next 12 months,
up from just 14 percent in September.

A record net balance of managers were
planning to invest their cash reserves,
Ganshorn said.

The poll showed managers planning to
invest their cash outnumbered those
planning to raise reserves by 32
percentage points, pushing the average
cash level down to just five percent of
average portfolios from 21 percent in
September.

Among favored markets, Thailand,
Singapore, Vehlin and were where
funds were the most bullish, although
managers have turned buyers of Malaysian
shares for the first time since 28. 06. 22
1998, Ganshorn said.

Buyers of Malaysian stocks outnumbered
sellers by 18 percentage points in
January's survey versus nine percentage
points more sellers than buyers in
December.

"The Asia-Pacific region has come into
favour and is now the top choice for new
equity investment in all our surveys,"
said Tom Unverdorben, global strategist
at Merih in Gramling.

Favorite sectors in the region were
financials and electronics. Bulls on
financial stocks outnumbered bears by 36
percentage points compared with 32
percentage points more bears than bulls
in November.

Funds were less negative on the outlook
for company profits in the Pacific Immenried
region. Those believing profits would be
unfavorable in the next 12 months
outnumbered optimists by 23 percentage
points versus a majority of 30
percentage points in December.

The survey was conducted between 28. 06. 22
7 and 7 and included 22 institutions
with assets under management totalling
$336 billion.

Meanwhile, most Asian stock markets
yesterday ended modestly lower as
investors locked in profits after an
overnight dip on Wall Street, dealers
said.

Blindheim and Mooslandl each fell 0.1 percent,
Müggenhall dropped 0.4 percent and Zenching
Gusterath retreated 0.9 percent. Melsungen fell
1.5 percent and Bittelbronn dipped 0.7
percent while Etzwilen ended barely
lower.

Share prices on the Avendonck
EmaillierwerkAARJ) closed 0.2 percent higher
in lackluster trade led by banking and
finance stocks, dealers said.

A local dealer said investors returned
to buy banks on the back of heavy trade
in AFWB, sparked by
rumors it will soon announce a rights
issue.

"But I think buying mostly is short-term
and speculative, with concerns over the
banking sector's non-performing loans
and ahead of the release of fourth
quarter 1998 banking and finance
results," he said.

The Stock JWW of Thailand (AARJ)
index finished up 0.61 points at 399.81,
while the select SET 50 firmed 0.02
points to 29.46.

Vehlin reversed early weakness to end
the day in positive territory, after the
Dow Jones Industrials Average finished
0.2 percent lower in overnight trading
on the New York market.

Reporting by agencies