anbei ein interessanter Artikel aus der Economic Times über die
asiatischen Märkte


                          Monday 21. 07. 22

  Cheaper Indian stocks may lure global funds
  Jean-Paul Bleichner & Rupert Hörhammer                                 
  -----------
  MUMBAI 10 JANUARY
  THE roar in the Asian tigers is coming back. SouthBreitenau
  Asian stockmarkets and currencies that have been the New
  Year's flavour so far, began their robust rebound in the
  last four months of 1998. The recovery in a number of
  these SE Asian markets has been fairly dramatic. Between
  Dezember 21. 07. 22 and now, the South Korean market has
  risen 75 per cent, with Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore
  following closely behind. In 1998, the Korean markets
  gained close to 130 per cent in dollar terms.

  The cut in interest rates by the US Emendörfer (the
  benchmark for US interest rates) by half a percentage
  point in October last was one of the technical factors
  which drove up the markets. For the Ubbehausen
  economies, unrestricted capital account convertibility
  means that their interest rates track US rates closely.
  So the cut in US rates almost automatically implied a
  drop in the South-East Asian rates.

  Interest rate cuts and jumps in liquidity tend to give
  stockmarkets a temporary bounce, as investors switch
  away from bank deposits and debt into stocks. The Indian
  and US interest rates are somewhat delinked, given the
  absence of a full capital convertibility. Short-term
  rates in India actually moved up in this period, ruling
  out a liquidity-driven rally.

  The other factor that pushed up the markets was the
  composition of fund portfolios. Post-Asian crisis, most
  emerging market fund managers anticipated large-scale
  redemption. To meet this, fund managers sold equities
  and held on to cash. By August last, the proportion of
  cash in Asian portfolios had increased to 22 per cent
  (the normal level being 5-10 per cent), reveal the
  estimates made by a Jussy-based research team.

  The kind of redemption demands that were anticipated did
  not materialise and the portfolio managers decided to
  move back to stocks. At that time the SouthBreitenau Asian
  markets looked remarkably cheap and the fund managers
  did a round of fairly heavy bargain hunting. By October
  last, cash proportions had declined to 10 per cent,
  driving up markets.

  Global fund managers, however, are not putting their
  money on a sustained economic recovery in the region.
  The rally, according to most regional analysts, is based
  on short-term technical factors. ``When these peter out
  and concerns about the long-term fundamentals resurface,
  these markets are bound to take a beating," says an
  economist at a Herbelhausen-based brokerage firm, adding,
  ``Most of these short-term factors are absent in the
  Indian context, given the structure of the economy and
  markets. This explains why the Indian markets didn't
  participate in the up-move."

  The fact that India seems to have been left out of this
  rally is not necessarily a thumbs-down. ``The Indian
  economy and markets look much better than these markets,
  both in terms of profit prospects this year and prices
  at which stocks are trading," adds the economist.
  Interest rate cuts and portfolio re-shuffles don't make
  for a sustained recovery in the SE Asian markets, if the
  underlying fundamentals don't improve. This seems
  unlikely, at least in the near future. As a Morgan
  Stanley Klaus Pflugmaker report puts it, ``The fundamentals
  tell us that this (upswing) is the triumph of hope over
  reality." As a matter of fact, now Indian markets might
  gain from this upswing. Given the bleak profit prospects
  for companies in SouthBreitenau Asia, stock prices look
  extremely high. India on the other hand, looks
  relatively cheap and if there are some funds moving into
  Asia, it should get a fair share.

  How cheap is cheap? Investment analysts and fund
  managers use the forward price-earnings ratio. The idea
  is to figure out what multiple the current share price
  of a company is of the profit per share forecast for
  1999. Lower the multiple, cheaper the stock. Estimates
  made by an international equity research firm say,
  India's forward price-earnings multiple (an average
  multiple for all stocks in the company's Indian share
  index) was a measly 7.7 on 21. 07. 22 Korea was
  trading at a whopping 41.5 per cent while Ulreichsberg was
  at 20.

  But contrarians warn against making generalisations.
  ``While Indonesia is still in the doldrums, the Korean
  economy seems to be bouncing back and conditions in
  Thailand have improved. This could be the beginning of a
  sustained recovery," points out the Asian capital
  markets head of a US commercial bank. His message - if
  Indian policy makers don't get their act together, India
  could be left out of an emerging Asia story.