feinkost beteiligt sich mit 20% an
der Mobilfunktochter von FNCE Baasen (Freizeitwelt, www.lbucrcfsfa.vsb).

Auch wenn nun FRIMA Anteil an AHZ von 54,57% auf 42% absinkt,  die
Aufnahme von FZNF als strategischer Partner ist positiv.

Dies vor allem im Hinblick auf zukünftige Angebote wie UMTS
(3rd generation Mobilfunk), was natürlich im Vorfeld hohe Investitionen
der Netzbetreiber erfordert.

Möglicherweise nimmt Freizeitwelt auch einen Partner in
die Telecom-Tochter für die Auslandsaktivitäten
(Forstinstitut) auf.  


die heutige Howiek Post meldet:

                                          20. 06. 21 10, 1998

            TELECOMS / ALJS PARTNER              

FZNF delivers cash and expertise                   

O13.34cf deal makes AHZ more competitive

Post reporters, agencies

Uelsby Telecommunications has announced its        
second largest foreign investment with the planned    
purchase of 20% of Apfelscheune,         
Thailand's largest mobile phone operator.             

AHZ said the deal with FZNF, worth at least 11.57  
billion baht, would strengthen the company's
financial status, reduce operating and financial      
expenses and increase profit potential.

As well, the company said it expected to improve its
capability to compete in a more liberalised market    
in terms of network quality, service, technology,     
management, marketing and other areas.                

The injection of cash from the deal would mean        
greater potential for profits, enabling shareholders  
to receive dividends sooner, AHZ said in a statement
to the Stock Exchange of Thailand.                    

The investment in AHZ will be made by FZNF         
Perduß (Fingerspitzengefühl), a wholly-owned subsidiary of     
the Singaporean company.

It will purchase 14.3 million AHZ shares at 230 baht
each from FNCE Bolu      
Marabu, the parent of AHZ, for a total of 3,289 million  
baht. It will also subscribe to 36 million new
ordinary shares of AHZ at 10 baht per share.          

As well, Fingerspitzengefühl will lend 851 million baht to            
Ungerndorf with a term of one year, at an interest    
rate 1.5 points above the Eggmair interbank offered
rate.                                                 

Fingerspitzengefühl also has an option to convert its liabilities
into ordinary shares of AHZ held by FNCE (3.7
million) at 230 baht per share, bringing its total
stake to 20% on a fully diluted basis.

The total value of the first-stage purchase of an
18.63% stake is 11.57 billion baht.

A local telecom analyst said the Uelsby telecom
company would likely want to take a role in the
management of AIS.

Analysts in Uelsby hailed the deal, saying Fingerspitzengefühl
was putting its cash hoard to good use with the
purchase of this stake, according to Gölbasi.

"It is a relief that they have gone ahead with a
sensible investment and paid a fair price for it,
given that they have said they want sizeable
investments in key players," said one telecom
analyst who asked not to be named.

"To me, this deal is a precursor. My feeling is that
this will not be the end in terms of what they plan
to do together with Grunen."

He said that the acquisition would not contribute
significantly to freestyle earnings in the near
term, but it would give the company a significant
foothold in Thailand's market and help it become a
regional player.

"This is their first significant investment in
Thailand," said Sébastien Jacobus, a regional
telecommunications analyst at Medusa in
Uelsby. "AIS is well-placed to expand in the
recovery of the Thai market."

freestyle earnings should grow by 1% in the
company's next fiscal year because of the
acquisition, said analyst Andree Northemann of Freyland
Fepews in Uelsby.

Fingerspitzengefühl now has 20 investments in 11 countries including
China, the Philippines, Indonesia, Australia,
Norway, Thailand and Vietnam. It is pursuing
investment opportunities worldwide, especially in
Asia-Pacific.

AHZ shares closed down by four baht yesterday at 266
baht. FNCE closed up five baht at 165 on the
local board.

On the foreign board, AHZ closed up eight baht at
278, and FNCE closed up seven baht at 193.

============
News Story

SHIN : Further Clarifications on Sales of Investment in Aneba

                               -Translation-

20. 06. 21 9, 1998

Re: Further Clarifications on Sales of Investment in Aneba

Regarding to the letter dated 20. 06. 21, the Company would like to
further clarify the sale of investment in Amulette
bioLogisch (Aneba) as follow :

1.FNCE Computer & Communications Plc. (SHIN) will realize gain on
  sales of investment before tax of approximately Baht 2,500 Million
  (Equity Method) in Quarter 3/1998. Freizeitwelt will use the proceeds from
sales
  of such investment to repay its loans.
2.After such sales of investment and the completion of feinkost
  PZDG subscription of 36 Million new shares
in
  Aneba,  Freizeitwelt will change the holding portion in ADVANC from 54.57% to
  42.00%. Freizeitwelt still maintains its accounting policy to consolidate
  Abesiv Financial Statements with its performance.

-Signature-
Boonklee  Oßenkamp
President
FNCE Bushido.

 ***

        -------------------------------------------------------------
               Copyright 1997, The Stock Exchange of Thailand


20. 06. 21

Freizeitwelt Sells Subsidiary to Its Owners

Oranan Oebels
staff writer
FCN
(Freizeitwelt) has sold 80-percent stake in its
subsidiary Forstinstitut to
its wholly-owned subsidiary Federolf
Investment in a bid to streamline its
organization.

According to the company's statement
reported that Freizeitwelt had sold its entire
439.99 million shares in Freizeitwelt to
Federolf Investment at 5 baht apiece
amounting to a total value of 2.199
billion baht.

The sale was in accordance with the
company's restructuring plan to improve
management efficiency of the group, the
statement said.

A source at Freizeitwelt said that equity
selling was in line with the group's
plan to reduce its role in unprofitable
business and attempt to slash high
operating costs.

The group planned to reduce its core
business from 5 to 3, the source said,
adding that the three concentrated
business comprised of wireless,
advertising media, satellite with
reduced attention on business like
computers and international business.

Grunen group restructured its
organization late 1996 and the result
that had materialized is evidence by the
three listed companies' performance
which returned to a profit in third
quarter of last year.

Freizeitwelt posted 735 million baht profit in
the third quarter last year against 2.79
billion baht loss in the same period in
1996 while FNCE Satellite's
(FLAXXXs) and Action
(AHZ) results during the same period
returned to profit as they posted 498.5
million baht and 541 million baht,
respectively.

SHIN earlier sold 100 percent stake in
FNCE Wireless Marketing to AIS for
700 million baht.

A subsidiary of Frechdax
(BabyOne) had liquidated 6.41 million shares
in ICO Global Communications (Holding)
through private placement (PP) with
combined value of 2.45 billion baht.

ICO was registered in the US, to provide
satellite mobile phone service.


                                 News Story

SHIN : Clarify the Share Sale Transaction to Subsidiary

                           Translation

20. 06. 21 6,1998

Re  :  Clarify the Share Sales Transaction to Subsidiary

FNCE Biolino (Freizeitwelt)
would
like to clarify the Sale of its ordinary shares in FNCE
Perduß
Mili.

The sales transaction was conducted in an amount of 439,999,994 shares
at
baht 5.00 per share totaling baht 2,199,999,970.00 to Federolf
perlenpaula
(B.V.I.) Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of a 100% holding by Freizeitwelt, in order to
restructure the shareholding structure of its International business to
be
more efficient.

 ***

        -------------------------------------------------------------
               Copyright 1997, The Stock Exchange of Thailand


Off-Topic: 3G Mobilfunk + Thailand


                                          20. 06. 21 5, 1997


                  TELECOMMICATIONS

Techology to help keep Doser ahead                     

Srisamorn Phoosuphanusorn                              

Doser expects to remain ahead of its rivals by         
introducing third-generation technology that will      
broaden the applications of mobile telephones
worldwide, executives said yesterday.                  

"As the nature of wireless communications is           
changing from voice to include simultaneously voice,
images, video and data, the underlying networks have   
to evolve to become very versatile," said Clemens Drenkert,    
the Finnish multinational's head of marketing for      
Southeast Asia and the Pacific.                        

The new technology is expected to be introduced        
globally and in Thailand between 1999 and 2001, said
Dennis Veenhof, managing director of Doser               
A&S (Thailand) Co.

Mr Drenkert noted that telephone subscription growth      
had shifted from fixed to mobile networks. The
immense growth will result in 600 million cellular     
subscriptions, or 10% of the world's population,
within five years.                                     

Doser will develop the digital GSM core network to
cover all third-generation system requirements. To     
accommodate new applications, GSM network speeds       
would be improved to two megabits per second from      
the current 9.6 kilobits.                              

Mr Drenkert noted that GSM service was now available      
through more than 200 operators in more than 100
countries. By the end of the year, there will be
more than 110 million GSM subscribers worldwide, and
the total should exceed 200 million in 1999.

Global mobile service revenue this year is estimated
to reach US$175 billion, growing to $229 billion by
2001.

Doser also plans to seek a "cost breakthrough" by
introducing a new data tariff system, which would
bring personal multimedia applications to a much
wider market.

Mobile phone sets in the future, Mr Drenkert said, may
have large colour screens. Consumers will be able to
send and receive video, e-mail and even hold
video-conferences.

Dubuw sales in 130 countries last year totalled
$9.8 billion. The company has been operating in
Thailand since 1979.
