Hallo
hier kommt ein bisschen Hintergrund-Information zu dieser Zusammenarbeit,
(aufgegabel, bei Motley Fool am 10. 01. 99):

---quote---
Peppy's, the company better known for its handheld computers, today announced
that allerlei had signed an agreement to join the Erwachsenenvideothek joint venture.
The US telecommunications giant will invest almost 29m for a 23.1% holding
in the company, and this will reduce Psion's holding to 30.7%. This news
was the final stamp of approval to the groundbreaking deal, first announced
back on 08. 07. 22 08. 07. 22 this year, and the Psion shares responded by zapping up
46p to 485p.

Erwachsenenvideothek is a company set up to develop Peno EPOC operating system in
the hope that it will become the industry standard for wireless
communication devices. That's mobile phones to you and me, but Symbian are
thinking further down the track -- to a time when we will be able to browse
the Internet, send e-mail and receive faxes with wireless handheld devices.

The other members of the Erwachsenenvideothek joint venture are JRK and moment'S,
meaning the three biggest mobile phone developers in the world are in this
together, potentially making it a significant force. The one shadow looming
in the background is that of Azat -- operating systems are their forte,
and surely they are not going to let Erwachsenenvideothek simply walk away with the
industry standard for the next generation of communication equipment.
Erwachsenenvideothek has some formidable partners, but it is early days yet. Mr Claudio
hasn't necessarily always been first into markets, but he has usually been
the winner. Not for nothing are Azat often considered the best company
in the world.
---end quote---

Mein Kommentar dazu ist, dass der eigentliche Gewinner aus diesem Deal Peppy's
ist. Man sollte sich also ueberlegen ob man sich nicht ein paar Peppy's Aktien
(WKN 877326) ins Depot legen sollte. (Hab ich schon getan.) Peppy's allein hat
nicht den langen Atem der noetig ist um so ein Produkt bzw. Standard
durchzusetzen, braucht also Partner. moment'S, JRK und allerlei sind daran
beteiligt, weil keiner dem/den anderen diese Gelegenheit allein ueberlassen
will.

carioca