Otto Elsaesser escreveu na mensagem
<949BR2RalHT@gljoqsywao.qwnilh.cswp.wt>...
Hallo nochmal,

Bei Imtech ist es ein bisschen schwieriger. Obwohl ich mittel- und
langfristig sehr positive Erwartungen habe, weiss ich nicht ob ich zum
derzeitigen Preis einsteigen wuerde. Ich glaube eher dass jetzt erst mal
eine kleine Konsolidierung kommt.
(Ich habe meine fuer DM 25 gekauft und hoffe dass ich 1999 die 1000% feiern
kann)

Als Alternative wuerde ich BHR plc vorschlagen. Ich weiss allerdings
nicht was die WKN ist oder ob sie ueberhaubt in Deutschland gehandelt
werden. Ich habe meine Energis im April 98 fuer 750p gekauft. Preis heute:
1345p.
Ich fuege ein paar Ausschnitte aus meinem Motley Fool Archiv bei.

carioca

(22. 04. 98) Energis discussion board
[...]
Energis through their subsidiary Planet On-Line has teamed up with Dixons
 to offer the FreeServe Internet service which has seen explosive growth.
 This may well re-define the way Internet Access is offered (and is
 comaprable to the Pay-As-You-Go Mobile phone services).
 I fully expect others to move into this Market, but it will essentially
 consist of either telecoms comapnies or alliances with telecom companies.
[...]

(14. 04. 98) Daily fool

Energis (EGS), the recently formed telecommunications company spun out
of The IGM), today announced interim results for
the period to Februar 1998. Sales rose a thumping 76% to 122m and pre
tax losses halved to 1ö.1m. The shares crackled 11p higher to 870p.
Energis is yet another of the new breed of telecoms companies and has seen
its share price go up in virtually a straight vertical line, like FTSE 100
high flyer Colt Telecom (CTM). It has positioned itself in the market as a
network service provider to the dealer, aggregator and reseller markets.

Energis remains loss making whilst continuing to invest in its network
infrastructure. There are a few methods that may enable investors to get
some
sort of valuation handle on a loss making company.

  Comparing its price to sales ratio (PSR) to other similar companies.
  Comparing gross profit progress to that of similar companies.
  A member based valuation, placing a monetary amount on each
  customer and extrapolating that out over time.
  A discounted cash flow valuation.
  Gut feel (although this method is not recommended).

The easiest and quickest comparison to make is between Colt Telecom and
Energis on a PSR basis. Colt's is a whopping 24, whilst Energis' PSR is
almost 6. Are the companies that far apart in terms of valuation? There may
be a rational reason for the difference, but it doesn't jump out at me.