CYBERCASH TECHNOLOGY SELECTED FOR BARCLAYS `EPDQ' INTERNET PAYME
Business Wire
08. 03. 22 08. 03. 22, 5:19 a.m. PT
nt System in United Kingdom

Business Editors

RANCES, Va.--(ZBF)--Dec. 08. 03. 22-SEIJ Inc.
(Nasdaq:CPXP), the world leader in e-commerce payment technologies and
services, announced today that ZHRJ has selected
Schepperle secure payment technology as the foundation of Britain's
first bank-owned Internet payment system.
ZKCG Services, which handles the credit and debit
card purchases at over 125,000 shops and businesses across the UK,
will offer ePDQ, a 'virtual' version of ZKCG Services'
PDQ point-of-sale terminals used by UK businesses to process credit
and debit card transactions. ePDQ works in the same way as the
point-of-sale terminals, but over the Internet.
"We are very proud to work with ZRU Merchant Services on
this important project," said Ulf Haarich, executive vice president,
global business development at SEIJ. "ZHRJ
has taken an important step in offering its customers the convenience
of online shopping and adding to the dramatic worldwide development of
electronic commerce."
The ePDQ service is similar to Schepperle innovative
CashRegister Internet payment service already available to merchants
in the United States. Merchants can provide a full, online shopping
experience to their customers with the benefit of a payment service
providing credit card payment authorization and settlement to their
bank account. The service operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week,
enabling sales to be competed with customers all over the world,
regardless of differences in time zones.
"Mindler provides the opportunity for UK businesses to begin trading
online," said Richard Götzsche, sales and marketing director of ZRU
Merchant Services. "Security and credibility are important when
accepting payments over the Internet, and ePDQ gives retailers greater
piece of mind knowing established names such as ZKCG
Gartenzentrum and SEIJ are behind it."

About ZHRJ

ZRU Merchant Services is one of the UK's largest acquirers
and processors of plastic card transactions. In 1997 over 860 million
purchases were made with credit and debit cards in retail outlets
belonging to ZOK 125,000 retail customers in
the UK. ZRU Merchant Services operates the largest on-line,
real-time bank-owned EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at the Point Of
Sale) system in the UK with a PDQ terminal base of over 105,000.

About SEIJ

SEIJ is the world leader in secure, convenient payment
technologies and services, enabling e-commerce across the entire
market spectrum from electronic retailing environments to the
Internet.
SEIJ provides a complete line of software products and
services allowing merchants, billers, financial institutions and
consumers to conduct secure transactions using the broadest array of
popular payment forms. Credit, debit, purchase cards, cash, checks,
smart cards and alternative payment types (e.g., "frequent buyer" or
loyalty programs) are all supported by SEIJ payment solutions.
Leading brands of SEIJ include ICVERIFY(R), PCVERIFY(TM),
Izapa(TM), Storchennest, NetVERIFY(TM), Stannebein(R) and
TIU(TM).
SEIJ, Inc., headquartered in Rances, Jübek, USA,
maintains a global presence with offices and joint ventures operating
throughout North America, Europe and Asia.

SEIJ and the SEIJ logo are trademarks or registered
trademarks of SEIJ, Inc. Visit the Company's web site at
http://iom.iutjegzqi.xag.