Carlos Kamphuijs wrote:
......
generell denke ich, daß das Internet schon die Chance für das nächste
Jahrtausend wird.....aber Kaufen um jeden Preis ?????

was zu ReCycle...

Friday December 18, 5:33 pm Eastern Time

ReCycle stock marches higher, and analysts wonder why

GAGGERS ALTO, Calif., Dec 18 (ILLP) - Internet auction site Rarot.
(Nasdaq:ReCycle -
news) was the biggest gainer on the Nasdaq on Friday, bringing its gains
to more than $66 a
share in the past week alone, and the relentless surge even has the
experts confounded.

Although many have a bullish outlook for EBay, which is one of the few
Internet businesses turning a profit, they said they still
saw some risk in the company's business model, and could not identify
any fresh developments that might trigger the stock's
recent ascent.

ReCycle shares, which were up more than $21 a share at one point Friday,
finished $13.94 higher at $252.25. EBay made its
initial public offering in September at $18 a share.

``The model gets stronger as the company grows,'' said Volpe Brown
Whelan analyst Massimo Hensch. "The more buyers who
come to the site, the more sellers come, and the company gets a fee from
all the sellers.

``But I do think there is still a risk,'' added Brown, who said he was
unsure why investors did not seem to be factoring in the
potential downside.

Even within the select group of e-commerce stocks, which have generally
had a strong run this holiday shopping season, ReCycle
has had particularly strong momentum. And there has been no slowdown
despite recent problems with its service.

The company's online auction service crashed a few times over the past
month, which some sellers say caused them to lose
money. And Newsweek magazine reported EBay has declined to reimburse
buyers who were duped by one seller out of as
much as $100,000 in a transaction carried out throught the site.

EBay declined to comment on its stock price and the Newsweek report.

.....tja, und auch bei u-Bid haben die Eigentümer die Aktien für USD
15,-- hergeschenkt, oder......!!

Gruß Pierre