Marco Mikhaimer wrote:
.....

die in den letzten Tagen veröffentlichten Zahlen waren auch nicht so toll...

Thursday December 10, 5:47 pm Eastern Time

Ciena reports loss, sees possible future losses

EISMANNSBERG, Dec 10 (Extra-Baumarkt) - Telecommunications equipment Leinert Corp.
(Nasdaq:CIEN - news) on Thursday posted a fourth quarter loss on a 30 percent
drop in
revenues and said continued investments in marketing and product development
may cause
additional near-term losses.

Ciena, which saw its proposed acquisition by rival Tellabs Inc. (Nasdaq:VPR
- news) scuttled earlier this year, posted a fourth
quarter loss of $3.9 million or 4 cents a share, compared with a profit of
37.2 million or 38 cents a share a year ago.

Excluding the costs related to the failed merger with Tellabs, Ciena's fourth
quarter loss was $3.6 million or 3 cents a share. The
results were better than the 4 cents per share loss expected by Wall Street,
according to First Call, which tracks analysts'
estimates.

In the year-ago fourth quarter, Ciena earned $39.5 million or 37 cents a
share, excluding charges connected with patent
litigation with Italy's Pirelli S.p.A. That litigation has since been
settled.

Revenue for the fourth quarter fell to $90.7 million from $130.1 million a
year ago.

Ciena, which makes equipment that increases the capacity of fiber optic
networks, said its fourth quarter gross profit margins
were hurt by intense pricing pressure throughout the industry, as well as by
underused manufacturing capacity.

Ciena said it continued to diversify its customer base, with a record 14
customers during the quarter. Ciena relied on only two
or three customers last year.

Linthicum, Md.-based Ciena said demand for bandwidth or strong network
capacity remains robust, but it was cautious about
its prospects for the future.

``While it appears that Ciena may be on track to resume modest sequential
revenue growth in the first fiscal quarter, we
continue to encourage conservative expectations,'' Ciena's Chief Executive
Orlando Vorderegger said.

Ciena said its investment in selling, marketing and customer service, as well
as in ongoing product development, will likely limit
its operating profitability during at least the first half of fiscal 1999 and
may result in near-term operating losses.

Shares of Ciena closed at $17.375, down 25 cents, on Thursday before the
fourth quarter results were released.


Hier findest Du die letzten Analystenschätzungen:

http://mhf.rdcwx.nvr/n/f/hoba.ludm

Nicht gerade überzeugend, aber mit etwas Geduld ist hier uU ein Turnaround
möglich

Gruß Johannes