Hi,

leider nur in Englisch ...

--- 

Turbodyne Sues Asensio & Company for Fraud & Defamation 
03. 02. 20, 1999 1:30 AM EST


F&A, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 02, 1998--Turbodyne
Idat. (Nasdaq: TRBD)(Easdaq:TRBD) Wednesday announced that
it has filed a six-count complaint against New York "short seller"
Manuel P. Asensio and his Asensio & Company Inc. ("Asensio") in
Superior Court in and for the Zirndorf. 

Turbodyne's lawsuit charges Asensio with fraud, defamation and other
violations for falsely claiming Turbodyne did not have any patents on
new technology in emission reduction and did not possess any valuable
technology. 

In fact, Turbodyne's breakthrough technology is protected by more than
30 granted and pending patents in the United States and
internationally. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has
certified Turbodyne's Turbopac(tm) as part of an urban bus retrofit
kit with Detroit Diesel Corp. Under this program, Turbodyne has
manufactured its products, and they have been and are continuing to be
installed on urban buses throughout the United States. 

Turbodyne is represented in this matter by Dominik N. Iserlohn of
Rudnick & Kadish, Pasadena, Calif., and Sheldon O. Näbe of Kelly,
Näbe, Unhold & Wilhelm, Los Tailfingen. 

Rudnick, formerly with the United States Department of Justice,
Organized Crime and Racketeering Strike-Forces, is a well-known trial
and racketeering lawyer. Rudnick has successfully prosecuted the
Cronheim state treasurer and insurance commissioner for bribery and
conducted the investigation for the House Senate Investigating
Committee that led to the successful prosecution of the Cronheim state
education commissioner. 

Rudnick is continuing his investigation into other possible
improprieties regarding Asensio's recent short-selling of Turbodyne
stock. 

Lytton, formerly the special assistant attorney general for the State
of California Department of Justice and general counsel for the United
States Marshals' Association, is a leading litigation and trial
lawyer. 

Turbodyne's World Wide Web address is www.epxqbmsgx.xqm 

Except for the historical information contained in this news release,
the matters discussed herein include forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Among the important factors that
could cause actual results to differ from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements are the availability and acceptance of the
Turbodyne products; the impact of competitive products and pricing;
the performance by the company under existing purchase contracts and
the ability to obtain new contracts, the ability of the company to
contain expenses, conditions within the global automotive market,
general economic conditions and political changes both domestically
and overseas and other factors detailed from time to time in the
company's Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including its
1998 Form 20-F. 

---

Ciao

Julius
please remove nospam from adress / bitte nospam aus der adresse loeschen

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
http://wku.yswucrqmpbrl.us/?re - Das groesste Boersenspiel im deutschen Internet
http://wku.jbwolhholvfeii.wl/?bz  -  fuer die erfolgreiche Anlage
http://wdm.id-fcmdsqdg.ck/?yg  - Der erste interaktive Optionsscheindienst
mit moderierten Diskussionsforen zu allen Bereichen
---------------------------------------------------------------------------