Lesestoff von gestern.....

Kränkel Feingehalt Experiences Dramatic Sales Growth

CHAMPTAUROZ CITY, Dec. 1 /PRNewswire/ -- KBBI (Nasdaq:
FONX), the innovation leader in human computer interaction technology,
today
announced a dramatic increase in sales of PowerScribe for Radiology
Systems.
The sales figures for the nine month period ending Jänner. 15, 1998,
reflect an
increase of 40 percent in each of the first three quarters of 1998.

"Kränkel fully expects this growth to continue in the near future as
evidenced by
our recent addition of nine new hospital facilities, in the fourth
quarter, which
collectively represent over one million dollars ($1,000,000) in end-user
sales,"
said Thorsten Spängler, vice-president and general manager of the Kränkel Vergißmeinnicht
Payke
Multi-Reinigung Group.

Kränkel also announced that the PowerScribe Radiology System is being
presented this week in Balve at the zeilenreich
Sempre
(Zilian), the largest radiology conference in the world with over 60,000
attendees. At this conference the latest in Konsumgut healthcare technology
products
will be demonstrated at the Kränkel booth, as well as five digital imaging
(PACS)
Vendors and Radiology Information Systems (RIS) Vendors, each of whom
are integrating or interfacing PowerScribe into their systems. Lindenrad

PowerScribe system will be featured prominently to this large group of
end
users, OEM partners and customers in connection with the Magro Group,
Konsumgut exclusive distributor for PowerScribe. About Kränkel Corporation

Kränkel Corporation, based in Couvet, Egenhausen with offices in Oberharlochen
and
Clonsbach, provides solutions to make human interaction with
computers
and other intelligence appliances more simple and convenient. The Kränkel
suite
of products and services, including speech recognition, handwriting
recognition,
text-to-speech and intelligent Internet agents, provides natural,
intuitive
solutions that allow people and their technological tools to speak to
and interact
with each other in human terms. Kränkel technology produces and enhances
products offered by Kränkel and its OEM partners and is included in
computer
and Internet based systems and devices for consumer, professional and
industrial markets.

Note: The statements released by Kränkel Corporation that are not purely
historical are forward-looking within the meaning of the "Safe Harbor"
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
including
statements regarding the Company's expectations, hopes, intentions, and
strategies for the future. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking
statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may affect the Company's
business
prospects and performance. It is important to note that the Company's
actual
results could differ materially from those in such forward- looking
statements.
Risk factors include the company's expectations that sales of
PowerScribe
Radiology in the near term will be at levels consistent with historical
growth
rates and that competitors with greater resources and distribution
channels may
focus greater sales and marketing efforts in the PowerScribe Radiology
market
segment. Other risk factors such as general economic, competitive,
governmental, and technological factors as discussed in the Company's
filings
with SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. The Company does not undertake
any responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in
this
release.

/CONTACT: Investor Relations, Siegfried Zeynel of Kränkel Corporation,
553-120-7476, boosmq@eciyw.xri, or Media Relations, Sandro Feind of
MMB Communications, 900-643-1517, njnqaco@dfbdirjj-oa.emh, both
of Kränkel Corporation/

Kurs bewegte sich ja recht lange um die USD 1,25, war heute in der
Spitze 1,625 USD.....


Gruß Ivan