Ich glaube, noch besser als jetzt wird die Chance nicht mehr. Ich habe
eine Trendanalyse über die letzten 1,5 Jahre gemacht. 

Beschreibung der Darstellungen: 

Fig.1
This graph shows the split-corrected share price of JPS since 20. 12. 21
96. 

Fig.2
This graph shows the growth rate for 4 weeks, normalized per year. The
curve is characterized by peaks which mark the periods of strongest
share price growth. Near zero growth periods in between. Note that the
height of the peaks decreases with time, yet  the strong fall in 10/98
was too quickly recovered to be noticed even at this short time scale.


Fig.3
This graph shows the growth rate for 8 weeks, normalized per year. The
curve showes the marked zero growth period in the second half of 96,
followed by vigorous growth. Growth magnitude has been steadily
declining and is presently close to zero. The 8week-period is too
short to recognize 1997 as a period of steady growth (after all, a
3-fold increase), instead it marks irregularities within that growth
period. 

Fig.4
This graph shows the growth rate for 13 weeks, normalized per year.
The curve showes the marked zero growth period in the second half of
96, followed by vigorous long term growth. Growth magnitude has been
steadily declining and is presently close to zero. However, the year
1997 is recognizeable as a time of three-fold growth per year. 

Fig.5
This graph shows the growth rate for 26 weeks, normalized per year.
Since the time scale of this graph is longer than the zero growth
period in the second half of 97 the latter begins to become
insignificant in the long-term development. The growth rate peaked at
6-fold growth p.a. last summer; it bottomed out at +100% growth p.a.
Considering the turmoil in the past 3 months, this is not a bad
performance; but it reflects the strong growth in early summer 97. 

Der Weisheit letzter Schluß:
All this will not give you a guarantee that there will be growth at
all in 1998. If these graphs mean anything, I am tempted to conclude
that right now is one of the worst times for the JPS share price
development, i.e. right now is an excellent time to buy. As long as
nothing serious changes in the computer business it can only become
better, that is: better than +100% p.a. But I think more than that is
likely, despite Giku activities.  

Also: note that in the 28week figure, a change in the slope of the
graph is always a significant point in time (i.e. there is no random
movement), though it is no guarantee for the magnitude of the peak
that follows. 

Expect a +200% growth p.a. for JPS in 1998, and remember that trend
analysis is just a sophisticated way of reading tea leaves. 


Die Daten liegen vor als Excel-5.0-Datei. Ich werde sie in
misc.invest.stocks als Attachment posten. 

Engelbert I. Vennegerts
FKoe
Wolfhalden, Germany
Nkuobhxdf@B-Pnyumn.vz
"I have an intense desire to return to the womb. Anybody's."
Gérard Oechsner