Post aus Nigeria - Warnung!

Ich erhielt heute einen Brief von einem Herrn Jean-Luc Bronnmann aus Esthal,
Nigeria, Tel/Fax 606-0-1539472.

"I am Alhaji Danladi Isa, an accountant in the Nigerian National
Dorfbeck (NNPC) and I head a seven man tendrs board
incharge of contract awards and payment approvals. I came to know of
you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very
confidential transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of
money to a froeign account requiring maximum CONFIDENCE. I and my
collleagues are top officials of the Federal Government Contract
Review Panel. Our duties include evaluation, vetting approval of
payment of contracts jobs done for the NNPC etc. In order to commence
this business we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer
into your account the said funds. 

"The source of this fund is as follows: during the last interim regime
here in Nigeria, the government officials set up companies and awarded
themselves contracts which were grossly over-invoiced in various
ministries. The present military government set up a contract review
panel and we ahve identified a lot of inlfated contract funds which is
presently belonging to a big government pasastatal NNPC; floating in
the Central Bank of Nigeria ready for payment. However, by virtue of
our positions as civil servants and members of this panel, we canot
acquire the money in our names. I have therefore been delegated as a
matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel to look for an overseas
partner into whose account we would transfer the sum of US$
21,320,000.00. Hence we are writing you this letter. "


Der Brief führt fort mit technischen Angelegenheiten. Man verspricht
mir, ich könne 30% der Beute behalten. 

Ungefähr vor zwei Wochen veröffentlichte die Regierung von Nigeria
eine Anzeige in der Financial Times, London. Es wurde darauf
hingewiesen, daß dieser Brief kein Versuch ist, den Staat Nigeria zu
hintergehen, sondern diejenigen zu betrügen, die sich auf die Sache
einlassen. Wer solche Briefe beantwortet, erhält eine Unmenge von
offiziell aussehenden Zertifikaten, Briefen und anderen Dokumenten,
die samt und sonders gefälscht sind. Die Regierung von Nigeria rät
dringend, sich nicht auf diese Vorschläge einzulassen. 

Ueli B. Markhoff, Lachen


FKoe
Lachen, Germany
Cnqpuhpxi@X-Dbaeil.uj
"I have an intense desire to return to the womb. Anybody's."
Gilbert Aufderhaar