You should bet. You must not give Single higher spades a free card. A
player holding just the jack or ten of spades will probably fold here
(afraid that you have a high spade), saving you the pot if a spade
falls on the next card. Also, no fourth street cards will make a
second best hand which will give you action. If a player holds the
king or queen of spades, he will probably call, but will lose just
that much more if another spade doesn't come. Actually, a player who
calls a bet here with the lone queen of spades is probably making a
bad play (there would have to be about $50 in the pot already to make
a call correct). However, if he is only calling a check, you are the
one making a bad play.
   The general principle about free cards is this. If you check and
allow someone who would have folded a bet to out-draw you, that

Strategy
is a mathematical catastrophe. You have cost yourself the pot. It is
worth taking chances to avoid it. It is also a catastrophe (though not
as bad as the previous one) if you give an Opponent who would have
called your bet a free card, and he now proceeds not to outdraw you.
Here you have cost yourself a bet.
When isn't it correct to bet? There are basically four occasions.
1. When you are quite sure you don't have the best hand,
and equally sure you will be called when you bet.
2. When you think that someone will bet behind you if you
check.
3. When your hand is so strong that there is little danger a
free card will beat you, and a bet might drive out
prospective Opposition or eliminate the possibility of a
check raise, on the next round. (See next section.)
4. If you have a pair of aces or kings (top pair) with a weak
kicker it may be better to check on the flop to see where
you stand. If you didn't have the best hand you saved
yourself money. If you do, there are not that many free
cards that will beat you. With less than kings, however, a
check on the flop can easily result in an overcard on fourth
street.
   Now that you know the disadvantages of giving a free card, you can
readily see the advantages of getting one. Unfortunately, there is no
way to guarantee yourself a free card on the flop other than by making
the unethical play of betting out of turn, withdrawing your bet and
then checking when everyone eise naturally checks to you.9 However, if
you raised before the flop in late position, you may
       9Most modern cardrooms have rules protecting players against
unethical plays such as this. For example, at Klouda this person's
money must stay in the pot.

The Free Card 53
accomplish the same end by getting eveiyone to check to you. You now
have the Option of giving yourself a free card. Take that Option if
you have many opponents and your hand is weak. This Situation,
however, is not always clear cut. If you raised as the dealer with


and only a few players called, you should bet again if the flop comes
something like


and everybody checks to you. Most likely you will get called only if
someone has a better hand which makes the bet appear to be a semi-
bluff. However, it is also a bet with the possible best hand, not
allowing hands like FRANCO to get a free card where they can pair. By
betting in this spot you will often have given yourself a free card on
fourth street if you have the lesser hand, since a caller on the flop
will now probably check to you, but have not given free cards to those
hands worse than yours. Frequently, you will win the pot on the flop
which is the best result of all.
   Just as raising before the flop in late position may very well give
you the Option of taking a free card on the flop, this same principle
also applies to the next round. For this reason, betting or raising in
late position with a hand that does not seem to justify it may very
well be correct. A well-known play used by experienced players is to
raise in late position, on the flop, with a four-flush. The rationale
is this: If the flush card comes on fourth street $10 extra is gained.

54 Part Five: Strategy
If it doesn't come, the $20 fourth street bet will be saved if
everyone now checks to the raiser, as they are prone to do. While
there are some flaws in this reasoning, especially if the game is
tough, the play is usually correct. In fact, even if you could not get
a free card on fourth street, you should raise in late position with a
high four-flush or open-end straight if three people have already
called, since you are getting sufficient odds on your raise. (An
exception would be if a pair feil on the flop, which could lead to
your losing the hand when you make your flush.)
   In general, what this late position raise (or bet) on the flop is
doing, is spending $10 in order to get a free $20 card on fourth
street if so desired. It is similar to raising in late position before
the flop with only a fairly good hand in order to try for a free flop.
Both plays depend on the tendency of players to "check to the
raiser." (A tendency you should fight in yourself.) Therefore, anytime
you have a hand in late position that is worth a call on the flop, you
should seriously consider raising.
   It may be correct to raise even if you are quite sure the bettor
has you beat. This happens when there is a very large pot before the
flop. Let's say five players started off putting in $30 each. You are
in last position with


and are sure that no one has aces or kings since you put in the last
raise. The flop comes something like

       M??fSm ^^r *CA ^??2^     =A3
The Free Card 55
If the player to your right bete (after everyone eise has checked) you
should raise even if you are quite sure he has two tens. You have to
call anyway and you now do not give the other players a free card
(actually a "cheap" $10 card) and instead force them to fold. Now if
you do hit your ace or queen, you don't have to worry about one of the
other players drawing out on that. It is easily worth spending $10 to
avert this possibility. (You also probably gain a free card on fourth
street if you don't hit your hand.) This example serves to emphasize
the importance of the free-card concept.

   Slowplaying and Check Raising
   The previous section indicated that it is usually correct to bet
when you have a good hand. When you play this hand in some other way
you are either slowplaying or sandbagging. They are not quite the same
thing. Sandbagging usually means checking, hoping to raise a bettor
behind you. It can also mean the much rarer play of calling a bettor
to your right hoping to reraise if someone raises behind you. This
second play might be called a form of slowplaying. In general however,
slowplaying means playing your hand weakly, as if your hand was
mediocre, for the whole round, in order to keep players in and/or set
up a raise on the next round. Typical slowplays would be to check in
late position when everybody eise checks or just calling when someone
eise bets. To slowplay in early position would be to check and then
just call if there is a bet.
   In most cases in order for a slowplay to be correct all of the
following must be true:
1. Your hand must be very strong.
2. You are quite sure that you will drive other players out
by showing aggression, but that you have good chances of
winning an ultimately larger pot if you don't.
3. The free card (or cheaper card) that you are allowing
other players to get has good possibilities of making them
second-best hands.
56

Slowplaying and Check Raising 57
4. That same free card has very little chance of making someone a
better hand.10
   This Situation will come up occasionally on the flop and therefore
you should slowplay. It is very unlikely to come up on fourth street
as Ihe bets you are now losing are $20 rather than $10.
   An example of a correct slowplaying Situation would be where you
have


and the flop comes

Even here it might be correct to play aggressively if you have many
opponents and the pot was raised. In general, however, you should slow-
play this hand. It is unlikely that anyone has a jack or a hand that
could call you at this point. Give them another card to rnake aces,
kings, queens, two pair or three of a kind. Though you could probably
win this pot on the flop, don't try to. You figure to win a larger pot
later. If someone bets, just call. If everyone checks, check along.
       10With the larger pots nowadays in the double blind structure
you must also not slowplay if the next card could even give someone a
draw to beat you.

58 Part Five: Strategy
   Remember that it is not correct to slowplay if the Situation is not
perfect. For example, if the flop is

Q
*m*1and you have

5 ??? iyou should not slowplay against many opponents. (It may be
correct to sandbag with this hand however.) Three reasons to slow-play
no longer exist in this Situation. Your hand is not extremely strong.
You will probably get action on the flop. There are many free cards
that could kill you.
Strangely it may not be correct to slowplay when you hold

A
?
VA
*
Vand the flop comes

Slowplaying and Check Raising 59

of different suits aJbeit for difFerent reasons. It is unlikely that a
free card here will make a player who would have folded on the flop,
call on fourth street. Therefore, it is better to bet and hope to
catch someone with something like AQ or 66 especially if you have
already been checked to. The only good reason to check here would be
to induce a bluff, a subject on which I have a Special section in this
chapter."
   The play of just calling a bet when you are in early position to
the left of the bettor, in order to hopefully reraise a raiser behind
you, requires a hand almost as strong as a regulär slowplaying hand.
If a player to your immediate left raises and many other players call,
you might even decide to raise now with a hand that you had expected
to slowplay until the next round since there is so much money in the
pot. Conversely, if the raiser is to your right you might decide to
slowplay a hand you had originally planned to sandbag in order to
avoid driving other players out.
   Correct check raising situations come up much more often than
slowplaying situations, as your hand does not have to be nearly as
strong. It is frequently correct to check raise if:
1. You think you have the best hand (though not a slow
playing hand) and
2. You are quite sure someone will bet behind you if you
check.
       "Again the newer double blind structures make all of the above
examples less likely to be correct due to the larger pots and the
higher odds you and your opponents are getting.

60 Part Five: Strategy
   This is usually all that is necessary for the Situation to indicate
a check raise. Thus, it is usually correct to check on the flop in
early Position with the probable best hand (two pair for instance) if
there are many players behind you. Someone will probably bet. However,
always keep in mind the risk you are taking if you check and no one
eise bets behind you. You are giving a free card to those who would
have folded your bet and lost a bet from those who would have called.
I would say you must be 90 percent sure that someone will bet behind
you in order for you to check (unless your hand is super strong).
   Check raising with a "come" hand is occasionally correct. The
Situation would be one where you think a player to your left will bet
and two or more players will call by the time it comes to you. Now you
are getting long enough odds to raise. Even here, you shouldn't raise
if you suspect the original bettor will reraise, or if there is some
chance you won't win even if you hit your hand (rarely check raise on
the flop with a come hand if a pair shows). Also, you should not check
raise on the come if the bettor is to your right. You don't want to
drive out players behind you.12 Normally a four-flush should be bet if
it may steal the pot. Otherwise it is usually correct to just check
and call.
   Another aspect of check raising will be explored in the section on
fifth street play.
       12It is okay to raise a player to your right with a come hand
if the pot is large and you have an overcard. If you hit your high
pair your raise may have driven out someone who would have beaten you.

Odds and Implied Odds
   At times none of the "fancier" plays mentioned in the previous
sections can be used. When someone has bet and you are sure he has a
better hand than you at this point, the question is simply whether to
fold or to call to try to outdraw him. Experienced players know that
the answer depends on your chances of making a winning hand and the
odds that the pot is offering you. They know that if you are a 5-to-l
underdog, and the pot is offering you only 3-to-l, you should fold
whereas if it is offering 6-to-l, you should call. In this way you
will show the greatest profits in the long run. There are some
considerations here, however, which even many experts overlook.
   First of all, you must not confuse your chances of improving with
your chances of making tiie best hand. If you can improve, but still
lose the pot, you must lengthen your required pot odds considerably.
This occasion can arise when a player may already have the hand that
you are drawing to beaten. When this happens you are said to be
drawing dead. It is also possible that a card that will improve your
hand will help some other player even more. Thus, if theflop is


and you hold


strategy


you very well might not want a ten to fall. There are many different
types of examples of this Situation.
   If the bettor is to your right, and there are other players who
might raise behind you, you must once again adjust the odds
considerably. If there is $100 in the pot, and the bet is $20, you
appear to be getting 6-to-l (120-to-20). However, if there is a raiser
behind you and the original bettor calls, you are now getting only 4'/
2-to-l (180-to-40) on that round if you call the raise. If it is
raised again your odds drop to 3%-to-l (220-to-60). Not only that,
your chances of winning, even if you hit your hand, have probably
decreased with all that raising going on. This concept is extremely
important yet not well known. It means that if the flop comes


A
?ü1 1? V
and you hold

A
*
*you should fold if you are in second position and the man to your
right bets. (If there are a number of players behind you.) In this
same Situation you should fold

Odds and Implied Odds 63


if the flop is

just to give another example. Many experts will disagree with this
Statement but they are wrong (unless the pot is very large or the game
is very loose). The general principle is that you must tighten up
considerably in any Situation where there are players behind you who
have not yet acted.
  When there are two cards to come, many players make a terrible
mistake in assessing their odds. They figure their chances of
improving in the next two rounds and compare this to the odds they are
getting on the next round only. Let's say your hand can catch five
different cards to give it the "nuts." With two cards to come it is
about a4-to-l underdog. (See the probability section). If there is $40
in the pot, a player bets $10 and everyone eise folds, it seems that
you are getting 5-to-l odds and thus should call. This, however, is
incorrect. The right way to determine the odds you are really getting
is as follows: If you do not make your hand you will lose $30, $10 on
the flop and $20 on fourth street. If you do make your hand you will
win the $40 in the pot plus his $10 bet, plus hopefully a $20 fourth
street bet, and $20 on fifth street =97 $90 altogether. Thus, you are
really getting only $90-to-$30 or 3-to-l! You should fold. (It will
occasionally occur that this technique will indicate a fold since it
assumes you will go all the way if you play, when in fact it is
correct to call on the flop only. When this happens you

Strategy
must compare your pot odds with your chances of making your hand
assuming only one card to come. Now if you don't make your hand it
might be correct to fold without seeing the last bet. This Situation
can occur because the fourth street bet is double the bet on the flop.
One other reason to revise your estimate of the odds you are getting,
from the one my method will come to, is that there is some chance your
Opponent will check on fourth street and you can now take a freecard.)
The main thing to widerstand here is that your pot odds on the flop
are not nearly as good as they appear to be if you intend to call on
fourth street also.
   It can happen that the odds you are getting are higher than they
appear to be. I call these odds implied odds. This occurs when you are
planning to take just one more turn if you don't catch your card, but
can expect to win a large pot if you do. If you have

?**? ?and the flop comes

it is correct to call $10 getting only 8-to-l odds if you don't fear a
raise even though it is about 11 -to-1 against catching a 6. If you
don't catch the 6 you fold. If you do catch it you figure to win at
least $40 over and above the $80 already in there. You thus are
getting implied odds of at least 12-to-l. This same concept is why it
is usually correct to call with a small pair before the flop, hoping
to flop trips, even if you don't seem to be getting the required 7'/2-

Odds and Implied Odds 65
to-1 odds. 5-to-l odds is usually sufFicient if there is little danger
of a raise. Your implied odds are at least 10-to-l as you should win a
nice pot if your card flops. (Get out if it doesn't unless you make an
open-end straight.)13
   There is a Situation where you are getting what might be called
reverse implied odds. This occurs where you suspect you have the best
hand but your Opponent will only give action if his hand is better
than yours. When this happens, and he bets $10 on the flop, you know
that you will probably either win only his $10 and the present pot or
lose a total of $50. Your odds are once again not what they appear to
be. When you see a Situation like this arising, adjust accordingly.
   One last Situation that seems to confuse many players is this: Your
Opponent has bet, and you know he might be on the come but probably
isn't. Be sure to adjust your pot odds to reflect the added
possibility that he makes his hand when he is on the come. If there is
one card to come, and you feel there is a 20 percent chance that the
bettor is on the come, it seems that you can take 5-to-l with a
mediocre hand. However, your Opponent will actually win 80 percent
plus 4 percent of the time (1/5 of 20 percent) thereby making him over
a 5-to-l favorite. When there are two cards to come, it is even more
dangerous to call simply because you think he has a four-flush and you
can beat that (for now).
   There is one reason to call if your odds don't seem to justify it.
The reason is that you don't want to become known as a folder. Throw a
few loose calls in once in a while so that other players will not
think they can "run over you" (bluff you out easily).
       l3This Statement is no longer always true in the double blind
structure.

Bluffing
   If your hand cannot possibly win in a Showdown, you are making a
pure bluff if you bet (as opposed to a semi-bluff). If all the cards
are out, it is a simple question as to whether you should try to
bluff. You should if you think you will get away with it a higher
Proportion of the time than the odds the pot is offering you. Thus, if
there is $80 in the pot, you should make a $20 bluff if tliere is more
than a 20 percent chance you will get away with it. Of course,
accurately assessing your chances of getting away with it only comes
from experience. There are some further hints on this subject in the
reading hands section. If there are one or more cards to come, you can
use this formula only if you intend to give up your bluff if you are
called on this round. If not, adjust accordingly. (If it is fourth
street with $100 in the pot, you may have to bluff twice thereby
risking $40 to win $120 =97 3-to-l odds.)
   When you are bluffed out yourself, it is a mathematical
catastrophe. This subject is also covered in the reading hands
section. For now, realize that even if your hand can only beat a
bluff, you should call if your pot odds when compared to the chances
he is bluffing so indicate, assuming all the cards are out. If there
are more cards to come, once again adjust your odds if you plan to
call all the way. (See the previous section.)
   As with calling, if you are playing with the same players every
day, you should occasionally bluff even if the odds don't seem to
justify it. This makes it more difficult to read your hands in the
future.
66

Inducing Bluffs
   When you are up against an aggressive but tough player, it may be
right to make what otherwise would be an irrational check in order to
induce a bluff. This play can be made with a very good hand thereby
making it a kind of slowplay. It can also be made with a much weaker
hand. Example: You are dealt


and raise in last position. The flop comes

?CD?4k 4k4k4k>??00in=ABEveryone checks, you bet, and a tough player
calls. On fourth street he checks. Check behind him! If he bets on
fifth street, call him. If he checks, bet. By playing this way you
save $20 if he has an eight. If he doesn't have an eight he will fold
on fourth street when you bet again. Now that you checked also
however, he will be induced to bluff on fifth street gaining you $20.
If his hand is mediocre, he might check again, but he is now much more
prone to call you on fifth street since you checked on the card
before. Once again you gain $20.
Before considering a play like this it is necessary that:
1. You are against only one Opponent.
67

68 Part Five: Strategy
2. He is capable of bluffing but also capable of folding if
you bet yourself.
3. Giving him a free card is not that dangerous if his hand
is worse than yours.
   Onceyou are capable of recognizing these situations and pulling off
these plays successfully you can consider yourself a true expert.

Folding Big Pots
   In most poker games it is never correct to fold when all the cards
are out if the pot is very large and you have anything at all,
especially against only one Opponent There are times, however, in hold
'em poker where it's clear you just can't win. These situations are
covered in the next chapter. For now, be aware of the fact that there
are times when your Opponent can't be bluffing and must beat your
hand. When this happens, do not let the fact that you are getting 20-
to-l pot odds influence you. You are 1000-to-l. Save your money.
69

Head Up vs. Multi-Way
   The general principle here is that the greater the number of
opponents the less fancy you play. Slowplay less, semi-bluff less,
avoid bluffing, don't induce bluffs. Realize however, that your
implied odds have increased with many opponents. If you are drawing to
a big hand there figures to be someone to give you action when you hit
it.
70

Raising
There are five possible reasons to raise. They are:
1. To get more money in the pot.
2. To drive players out.
3. To bluff (or semi-bluff).
4. To get a free card.
5. To gain Information.
Let us take them in order.
   If a player bete somewhere to your left and gets some callers you
should usually raise when it comes to you if you think you have the
best hand (unless you think you should slowplay). Here you are raising
simply to get more money in the pot that you expect to win. It is not
very often that it is worth relinquishing this money with the best
hand simply to disguise it. Just as it is usually best to bet if you
like your hand, it is usually correct to raise whenever you think you
have the bettor beat, even if you risk driving out players behind you.
   Sometimes your raise is designed to drive players out. This play
can only work if no one has yet called the original bettor and you are
now forcing other players to call a cold raise. This play is correct
even when your hand is fairly weak, possibly worse than the player who
bet. However if it is the best hand or becomes the best hand, the
raise has stopped the other players from drawing out on it.
   Raising as a pure bluff is occasionally done in very tough games
where players are capable of folding big pots without calling one last
bet. I don't recommend this play especially because you are going to
lose twice as much as you would in an ordinary bluff if it doesn't
work. The one time where it could be used in weaker games is where you
think your Opponent is bluffing, but you think you can't win by
calling since your hand is even worse. In other words, if you think he
has a busted four-flush, you would have to raise with a busted four-
flush yourself (unless you have a little pair or ace) in
71

72 Part Five: Strategy
order to be sure to win the pot.
Raising as a semi-bluffcan be a good play. Example: You have

A
*
VThe flop comes


Everybody checks. The next card is the

If someone bets, raise. Even if he only folds 20 percent of the time,
raising in this spot is more profitable than just calling.
   Raising to get a free card is a play already discussed in previous
sections. This play is best when you are in late position and the bet
is smaller than the bets of succeeding rounds. Any hand worth a call
is conceivably worth a raise in this Situation. Only the possibility
of a reraise should deter you.
   Some players will raise in late position or even check raise when
their hand doesn't justify it because they feel they will gain
information based on the reply to their raise. This play should
usually be done only in head-up situations and even then it is a

Raising 73
questionable practice. However, gaining Information can be considered
an extra benefit when you raise for one of the other reasons.
   In fact, it is rare that a raise is done for only one of the above
reasons. Frequently two or more of these reasons indicate that a raise
is appropriate. Never be afraid to raise when intelligent Strategie,
financial, or mathematical considerations demand it.

Head-Up on Goldschmiedweg
   This subject deserves a Special section because of the important
concepts associated with it. (There is a mathematical technique called
"Game Theory" which can be used to analyze head-up, one-bet situations
but it is not really necessary for hold 'em with so many cards
exposed. I only mention this so that any mathematically inclined
readers will not think I overlooked it.)
   We have already discussed bluffing and it will be further discussed
in the next chapter. The basic principle is that you should bluff head-
up on fifth street if your hand cannot win by checking, and the odds
you are getting from the pot as compared to the chances your Opponent
will call (in your opinion) indicate a bluff will be profitable.
   Assuming you have a legitimate hand, how do you play it? Let's say
you are last, your Opponent checks and you feel there is a 70 percent
chance that you have the best hand. Should you bet? The answer is that
I have not given you enough information! The question in this case is
not what are your chances of having the best hand. Rather it is what
are your chances of having the best hand if you are called? If your
Opponent will only call the 30 percent of the time when he has you
beat, your bet was horrible. In fact, it is correct to bet on the end
when you are checked to only if you think you have at least a 55%
chance of winning when you are called. (52% is not good enough because
of the possibility of a check raise.)14
   If your Opponent has come out betting, you should call behind him
only if your chances of winning compare favorably with your pot odds.
So for instance if you think you have a 10 percent chance of winning
you need at least 9-to-l pot odds to call. In order to raise
       14Remember that we are talking about the Situation where your
Opponent has already checked. If you are first it may be right to bet
with less than a 50 percent chance as we will see shortly.
74

Head-Up on Goldschmiedweg 32
in this spot, it is usually necessary to be over a 2-to-l favorite to
have the best hand. If he calls your raise you gain $20 (but he might
not call). If he reraises; you will usually have to call, and thus
will probably lose $40. Therefore, you are risking $40 to win an
average of less than $20. (This reasoning breaks down if you are up
against a player who will reraise only if he has you beat and thus you
can save $20.) Another way to decide whether to raise is to assess
whether you have the best hand 55 percent of the time that your
Opponent calls your raise. If so, raise.
   When you are first to act in head-up last-bet situations, it is
even more complicated. You have four options (once again assuming you
have a legitimate hand):
1. Tobet.
2. To check with the intention of folding if your Opponent
bets.
3. To check with the intention of calling.
4. To check with the intention of raising.
   Taking check raising first, we will assume that your hand cannot
lose and that the possibility of a reraise can be neglected. Whether
to check, hoping to raise, or come right out betting with this hand
depends on three probabilities: the chances you will be called if you
bet (assume you won't be raised); the chances your Opponent will bet
if you check, but will not call your raise; the chances he will bet
and call your raise. A check raise is profitable if the second figure
added to twice the third figure exceeds the first figure. Thus if
there is a 70 percent chance you will get called if you bet, a 40
percent chance your check will elicit a bet but not a call of your
raise, and a 25 percent chance you will make two bets by checking, it
is better to check raise (since 40 plus twice 25 exceeds 70). If you
are sure you can win one bet by betting there must be better than a 50
percent chance that your Opponent will bet if you check. Even this may
not be good enough unless you know he will also call your raise.
Figure it out.
   At this juncture let me say that I understand that it is impossible
to assess your chances of having the best hand, getting called, or

76 Part Five: Strategy
provoking a bet, accurately, as these figures indicate you should.
However, understanding the correct theoretical plays based on accurate
probability assessments can help you make the right play more often.
   If you have a better chance to win a fifth street bet by checking
and calling than by betting, it is better to check. This occasion
arises when your Opponent will bet with any of the hands that he would
have called you with plus some that are worse (usually bluffs).
Whenever you have bet in this Situation, you have relinquished your
chance to pick off a bluff. A check also eliminates the possibility of
a raise.
   When your Opponent will call your bet more often than he will bet
himself if you check, it is better to bet (even if you are an underdog
when he calls), as long as you have little fear of a raise and the pot
odds would have justified, or come close to justifying a call if you
checked and he bet. The exact mathematical formula is too technical to
show here, but just following the above rule will usually be accurate.
Thus, if you are first, and you feel that your hand has only a 40
percent chance to win if your bet is called, it is still better to bet
(ifyou are first to act) if, when you check and he bets, there is
still some chance (say 25 percent) that you have him beat. If both
players are going to put that last bet in, it is better that they do
so with you having a 40 percent chance to win than a 25 percent
chance. An example would be this: The cards on board are

9?*A=95=95OIA
?aand you hold

Head-Up on Goldschmiedweg 85

*** ***If you bet and get called you don't particularly like it.
However, he tnight call you with as little as AQ. If you check, he
will check AQ, but probably bet T8 and T7 as well as hands that beat
yours. You must lose a bet to better hands and gain a bet from T8 or
T7 no matter how you play it. By betting you also gain a bet from AQ.
  The remaining situations indicate check and fold (if he bets)
strategies. Once again, the exact formula is complicated, but a
general rule is this: if your hand is a definite underdog if your bet
is called it is better to check (and fold) if you feel that a bet from
your Opponent will indicate a hand that is almost definitely better
than vours. If the cards on the board are

nV
???
? ?=ABU


*  *

and you hold

??=95?***
**9you should check and fold against an Opponent who will only bet a
pair of queens or better even if he will call with specifically 99.
   Let us summarize the options: if your hand is a cinch or a near
cinch, you can either bet, or try to check and raise; if your hand is

78 Part Five: Strategy
a favorite (when called), your options are to either bet or check and
call. The latter strategy is used when your Opponent will bet more
hands than he will call with.
   If your hand is an underdog when you are called (but is not a
busted hand which might be profitably bluffed), you have three options
=97 to bet, to check and call, or to check and fold. Once again, you
should check and call if your Opponent will bet more hands than he
will call with, and the pot odds justify your call. If he will call
with more hands than he will bet, you should bet as long as you're not
that big an underdog when he calls. Check and fold if a bet is
unprofitable, and a bet on his part will indicate an almost surely
unbeatable hand.

Miscellaneous
   There are four Strategie plays after the flop which are rarely
wrong and therefore should be mentioned apart from general coneepts.
 1. Play tighter after the flop if there has been no raise before the
flop. There are more possible hands out there and the pot odds you are
getting are less than if it was raised. Specifically, if the flop is
something like


???
*A
a high pair in the hole goes down in value when there is no raise,
since there is a greater chance that someone is playing an eight.
2. If a two-card flush flops in a multi-way pot, you should play your
good hands more aggressively since there is a better chance you will
get called, and you don't want to give a free card. It is virtually
never correct to slowplay in this Situation. If your hand is mediocre
but normally worth betting, it is usually correct to check if a two
card flush falls. You might run into fancy raises plus you may be
outdrawn, even if you do have the best hand. It is better to check
here and hope everyone eise does too.
3. When you have a pair in the hole, you should usually get out (if
someone bets) if you don't flop trips (unless your pair is higher than
79

Strategy
any card on board or you flop a four straight). Of course, you may bet
yourself into overcards as a semi-bluff.15
4. If you have an inside straight draw along with two overcards on the
flop you have a pretty strong hand. Thus, if you have


and the flop is

=AB? ?
???
? *t8 =95      =95you have ten wins over a pair of nines =97 better than a
four-flush. Play it as such.
       15This Statement is less true for the newer double blind
structures especially if a pair comes on the flop.

   Part Six Reading Hands

Reading Hands Introduction
   Reading hands is the technique of deducing an Opponent's hole
cards. Obviously, your ability at reading hands has much to do with
your success at poker. It is easier, as well as more important, to
read hands in hold 'em than in any other game. Experts can frequently
name both hole cards of an Opponent with surprising accuracy.
   There are two basic methods of reading hands. One is by noticing a
player's mannerisms =97 the way he puts his chips in the pot, or a key
pause (or lack of a pause) at a critical point in the game. This
method is called picking up teils. The other, more reliable method, is
figuring a player's hole cards by the way he plays his hand. Before
explaining these techniques, I must offer a few words of caution. Do
not put undue emphasis on your opinion of an Opponent's hand. I know
many players who "put someone" on a certain hand and play the rest of
the hand assuming he has that hand. This is taking the methods of
reading hands too far. Many times these players will go all the way
with a mediocre hand against someone simply because they are sure that
they are up against, let's say, a four-fiush only to find they are in
fact up against the three-of-a-kind that they were sure he couldn't
have. Instead you must put a player on a few different possible hands
with varying degrees of probability for each of these hands. I will
have more on this concept later in the chapter. In any case, realize
that while reading hands has a large place in the game, it can be
overemphasized.
   Solid Strategie play of good cards remains the most important
aspect of the game. Furthermore, it is important to widerstand that
reading techniques work best against fair-to-good players. Experts are
tougher, and live ones (suckers) are tougher still. However, "live
ones" will give their money away to you if you just play solid cards.


Reading Hands: Introduction 83
Experts you try to avoid, but if you can't, you just tighten up more
against them. With these wamings let's Start reading hands.

Using Teils to Read Hands
   The technique of reading hands by noting pauses or picking up teils
is unreliable. The main reason for this is that an Opponent can easily
fake it. He may have nothing to really think about, yet he'll pause,
just to throw you off. Also, even if he pauses to think, you usually
can't be sure if he's thinking about folding or raising. There are,
however, two examples of reading hands based on pauses that are
usually accurate.
1. If a good player does not pause at all after he has bet, and has
been raised but in fact calls the raise unhesitatingly, he is most
likely on the come for a flush or straight if such a hand is possible.
With almost any other hand in this Situation he has to pause to
consider either folding or reraising. As an example, suppose the flop
is


If a player bets in this spot and then calls a raise immediately you
can almost be assured that he has two hearts in the hole. With any
other hand almost all players would have to think a bit about what to
do. With two hearts, it is automatic. Understand, however, not to take
the converse Statement as true. An expert may very well hesitate in
this spot with two hearts, just to throw you off. It is for this
reason that the lack of hesitation can usually teil you more than the
presence of it. Most players will not want to relinquish their
thinking time with a difficult hand just to throw you off.
2. The only other Situation where reading hands by noticing pauses is
fairly reliable is when a player pauses an inordinately long time
84

Using Teils to Read Hands 85
(fifteen seconds or more) before making a call. In this case he almost
always is considering folding. In my experience it is very rare to see
a possible raising hand pause this long.
   Reading hands by noticing mannerisms is a technique that can be
used for any type of poker game. This type of "teil" will usually teil
you whether the player is bluffing or not. Some players, for instance,
never look at you when they're bluffing but look you right in the face
when they're not. Other players do exactly the opposite. Some players
may unwittingly tap their feet or shuffle their cards only when
they're bluffing (or only when they're not). Some players may get very
excited when they have very good hands. Of course, if you can discover
any of these teils in a player, it is very advantageous. Realize
however, that better players frequently fake these teils and some even
double fake them (such as purposely getting excited with a very good
hand, expecting you to disbelieve them). In any case, whether you're
picking up teils or noticing styles of play of different opponents, it
is important to watch all the hands, even those that you're not in.

Reading Hands by the Way a Player Plays His Hand
   Let us now get to the real meat of reading hands =97 that is by the
way a player plays his hand. By the time the hand is near completion,
you can frequently name a player's exact hole cards or close to it.
Remember to practice these techniques even when you are sitting out of
the hand. We will Start with the play before the flop. The basic
questions to ask at this point are:
1. Did the player call or raise?
2. What position is he in?
3. How many other players are already in?
4. Was the pot raised before it got to him?
   Just from the answer to these questions it is possible to get a
good idea about what type of cards a good player is holding. (As
already noted a poor player is harder to read, but this one advantage
that he has, does not compensate for his Overall disadvantage.) You
may notice that while reading his cards based on his play before the
flop you are basically assuming he is playing his cards according to
the precepts I've given in the strategy chapter.
   Take die Situation where a player calls a raise cold (isn't already
in for one bet). This narrows down his hand considerably. He has a
very good, but not great hand. If he had a better hand he would
probably reraise (almost certainly with AA or KK) and with worse he
would probably fold. It is important to realize that a man who calls a
raise "cold" is narrowing down his hand a lot more than the actual
raiser. (This is also true for the succeeding betting rounds.) The
raiser may be bluffing or pulling some kind of play. The caller isn't.
Remember that many experts will often raise with mediocre hands, if no
one eise has called yet. In this way, if someone calls behind them,
they have a much better idea of what they are up against, than if they
just called and were called behind them. I
86

... By the Way a Player Plays His Hand 87
haven't mentioned position or the number of players in the pot as far
as reading a cold raise caller is concerned. This is because they are
almost irrelevant factors in this case. An exception might be if a
player is in late position, there are many other players already in
for the raise, and there is little danger of a raise behind him
(because the action went call, raise, call, call, call; rather than
call, call, call, call, raise). In this case, the player may have a
hand like 98s or 55. Another exception is that some players may not
reraise with AA or KK in middle position to keep other players in.
(This is a bad play on their part, however.) In any case if a player
calls a raise cold, and the flop comes

l *???9you can be fairly certain that he doesn't have a pair, and can
very possibly be bluffed out at this point. If the flop comes


if s a different story .
  Now, let's look at reading other situations before the flop. If a
man reraises a raiser, he probably has AA, KK, QQ or AK. If the
original raiser was in a steal (late position and no one eise in yet)
position (we are assuming there is a "blind"), and therefore may only
have been trying to steal the money in there already, the astute
reraiser may be a little weaker. If a player just calls in early
position, and then proceeds to reraise a raiser behind him, he
probably has a pair of aces or kings.

88 Part Six: Reading Hands
   If a good player calls in early position, you can put him on a good
to very good hand. If he calls in late position his hand is probably
only mediocre since he would have raised with a good hand in this
position. If he calls in late or last position with many other players
already in, his hand could even be worse (85s for instance), and is
mediocre at best (before theflop). Otherwise, he would have raised.
   If a player is the first raiser, he usually has a very good hand.
The two exceptions that I've already mentioned are the raiser trying
to steal the pot in late position, and the expert who raises with a
hand that doesn't really justify it, in order to narrow down the
possible hands ofthose who call cold behind him (he also might win the
pot right there). However, whenever a player raises when others have
already called, this indicates a very good hand especially if the
raiser is in early or middle position. If he has raised in late
position in this Situation, his hand may be a trifle worse.

Two Examples
   Let us now see how to read a hand after the flop, based on an
Opponent's play. Once again we are assuming that he plays well (in
fact that he plays like you tend to play). I will now give two
examples where by reasoning properly you should be able to come up
with a player's exact hole cards. (For the first example, I will go
into great detail. The reader will be asked to think through the steps
himself in the succeeding problems.)
  Let's say the player in question called in late position with other
players already in. At this point, all we really know is that he can't
have that good of a hand (or he would have raised). The flop now comes


Let's say you have 77 in the hole and have therefore flopped three
sevens. Now you bet, he raises, you reraise, he calls. The fourth card
is the

You bet. He calls. The fifth card is the
89

90 Part Six: Reading Hands

You bet, He raises! What does he have? What should you do? The
analysis goes like this:
   The eight on the end must have helped him. With all the aggression
you showed earlier, it is very unlikely he would not have raised you
on the fourth card or reraised you on the flop if he already had the
hand with which he is now raising. However, even so, he had a hand
that was worth calling you on "fourth street" and raising you on the
flop. At this point, let us look at the hands that he might raise with
on the end and determine which of these hands makes sense based on his
play.
1. Three queens =97 very unlikely =97 he would have raised earlier.
2. Three eights =97 Only a poor player would have stayed in this long
with two eights (especially after you bet and reraised). Since there
were many players in before the flop there is no reason for him to
think that no one has a queen and that his two eights are good. (It
isn't impossible however, that he has three eights since some
players will simply put you on two hearts in the hole and stick with
this idea all the way through.)
3.	Three deuces, three threes, queens and deuces, queens and
threes, queens and sevens, sevens and threes, sevens and deuces,
threes and deuces, eights and deuces, eights and sevens =97 these
hands can all be lumped together =97 they are all impossible. You
would, of course, be happy if they weren't since you beat all of
them. With some of these hands, he would have raised earlier if he
were going to raise at all, and with the others, like eights and
deuces, even if he would raise with the hand on the end, how could
he have stayed in with it all the way? It is possible that he started

Two Examples 91
with say, Q*24 (even though you don't play that) and that he wanted to
make sure another pair didn't fall before raising. This is a bad play,
but in any case, we have queens-up beaten.
4. A busted four flush (two hearts in the hole) =97 this is possible and
we will return to it shorüy. Certainly his third and fourth street
plays
make sense with two hearts. The question is, would he have the
nerve to put in $40 on the end with a bust?
5. Queens and eights =97 This is possible but not likely. It would be
aggressive, but not really wrong to raise on the flop with Q8 to
knock out aces, kings, and small pairs behind him. However, once
you reraise on the flop he would be very wrong to call your $20 bet
on fourth street. He is only getting about 5-to-l odds at this point,
and tiiose aren't good enough odds to try to snap off an eight on the
end, which it looks like he needs. For this reason, there is only a
slim possibility that he has this hand. But what about. ..


in the hole =97 This is probably it! It gives him the same queens and
eights as above but also the four-flush as a reason to play it all the
way in the manner that he did. You can be fairly certain that this is
his hand. (There is also a small possibility that he has 8V3V in the
hole. However, (a) would he have played this hand? (b) Would he have
raised on the flop with this puny four flush? And (c), would he have
raised on the end not being able to beat queens up? It is unlikely
that the answers could be yes to all three of these questions, thereby
making the possibility of this hand remote.)

92 Part Six: Reading Hands
   There is another factor to consider here. With all the evidence
pointing to his having QV8V, he still would not have raised on the end
if he hasn't readyou for less. Even if he thought you had a four flush
he wouldn't have raised on the end since he would gain nothing by it
(you wouldn't call). He has to think you have AQ or KQ or a smaller
two pair. Now, you have to think back on your play, and see if you
played the hand as if you had those cards. The answer (basically), is
yes. Your Opponent has every reason to believe that he probably has
you beaten. Therefore, he feels justified in raising with queens and
eights. He feels there is a much greater chance you have one of the
aforementioned hands rather than two sevens or two deuces in the hole.
This is especially true, since he suspects you would have sandbagged
these two hands on the flop, but you came right out betting.
   Here then, is an example where you can be pretty sure of your
Opponent's exact two hole cards. Obviously then, you would certainly
call his raise and probably reraise. Never forget, however, that you
are usually laying over 2-to-l on the end when you raise without the
"nuts." (See the discussion of this concept in the strategy chapter.)
So beware. Also, if you are up against a pro, there may be a problem:
He would realize that you don't have AQ or Q2 because you would raise
with the former, and fold with the latter (even Q2s) before the flop.
He therefore would probably not raise on the end with queens and
eights. A reraise on your part is no longer justified. Finally in the
example given if the fourth card was 64, rather than 3=B1, followed by
that same 8*, you must now worry about the possibility of something
like


in his hand (giving him a straight). Now you can only call his raise
on the end.

Two Examples 93
   If the foregoing example seemed difficult, especially in the few
moments available to you in the heat of battle, realize that as you
gain experience it will become much easier. In order to gain this
experience as quickly as possible, it is absolutely necessary that you
observe every hand including those that you are not in. Try to name
all the player's hands (or possible hands). Check yourself when they
expose their hands =97 learn from your mistakes.
Let's try a different problem. You called in middle position with

9 =95      =95 +=ABfr    =ABfr
?*??=95?before the flop. The player in question raised in late position.
You called. The flop comes


You bet (it probably would have been better to sandbag), he raises,
you reraise, he calls. The

falls next. You bet. He calls. The

Reading Hands


falls. You bet. He raises! Using the same type of analysis as in the
previous example, the reader should be able to name his hole cards.
They are the


A
4
1ii7
f f


(or possibly two other high spades including the jack). With a little
reflection the reader should see that this must be his hand. No other
hole cards justified his playing the hand this way.
   It may be right to fold in this Situation even with the high pot
odds you are getting. The only justification for a call in this spot
is to keep players from running too many bluffs on you in the future.

The General Principle
   The two examples I've given so far are rare in that you can just
about call a player's exact cards. Usually you can only give
probability estimates of his hand. Before giving other examples I will
explain the general principle in this method of reading hands.
Theoretically what we are using is a process of elimination. A player
can start with any two hole cards. As he plays his hand we can narrow
down these hole cards more and more. Each betting round has eliminated
many of his previous possible hands. Hopefully by the end of the hand,
if not before, we know what he has. In practice, however, in the heat
of play we use a slightly different technique. We work backwards. At
some late stage of the hand we decide which hands a player would bet
this way. Then we think back to his play on previous rounds and see
which of these hands made sense, based on his previous play. We
eliminate the rest.
Take a hand where you have


The flop comes

2     A.pH=A5uffe    ?Everybody checks. Next comes the
95

96 Part Six: Reading Hands

You still check, but the last player bets. You call. The last card is
the

You check and he bets again. Now we work backwards. What cards would
he bet on the end? AQ? Of course =97but could he have this hand? He
would not have checked this hand on the flop in last Position. The
same goes for any two queens or two pair. While he would have checked
three queens on the flop to trap somebody, he certainly would have
raised with two queens before the flop. It is conceivable that he has
three threes or three deuces. He might not have bet that hand on the
flop. What about a bluff? Could he have a hand that would justify a
bet on fourth street, yet still be a bluff on fifth street? Yes, he
could. He could have two diamonds or something like T9. In other
words, he could have picked up a flush or straight draw on fourth
street, and then busted. While it is almost impossible to read a
player for a sure bluff, it is never necessary. In this case, you only
need to be about 20 percent certain of it since you are getting about
4-to-l odds. (We are assuming a $10-$20 game remember.) A call is
definitely in order here. By the way, if some readers are wondering
why your Opponent can't have AJ in this spot, the answer is that most
players won't bet this hand on the end with a queen showing. (This
Statement is no longer true with the bigger blind structures.)

Reasons for Reading Hands
   Now let's look more closely at the reasons for reading hands. There
are four:
1. To determine if a player is bluffing.
2. To determine if a player can be bluffed.
3. To determine if a player's bet can be called or raised,
even if he isn't bluffing.
4. To determine if a player will call your bet with a hand
that can't beat yours.
   Let's take these cases in order. If your hand can only beat a bluff,
16 and the pot is offering let's say 5-to-l odds, you must call as
long as you think there is at least a l-in-6 chance he is bluffing.
While it is very hard to assess probabilities like this accurately,
there are some guidelines. A player will rarely try a pure bluff from
Start to finish. He may try for the pot on the flop and then give up,
but a bluff on the end usually means a busted come hand (as in the
previous example). Suppose you have


and the flop comes
       l6In most cases this means having a hand all the way up to top
pair with a fair kicker, since your Opponent will rarely bet less.


reading Hands


He bets again. You call again. Tapxe möhlinstraße is the
There are many players in the pot. A player bets in early position.
You call. Grengraben is the


He bets again. You should probably fold here. He isn't bluffing. There
is no possible busted come hand that couldn't beat QJ. lf, however, in
this same example, if the 7 and 2 were the same suit it would be
correct to call most players if the third of a suit didn't fall. (By
the way, most experts would raise with QJ on the flop if the 7 and 2
were suited just to avoid this sort of dilemma. By raising on the flop
you have stopped him from bluffing by taking command of the hand.)
   Here's another usually accurate guideline. If two suited cards come
out on the flop and a third one falls and a caller now Starts betting,
he is almost definitely not bluffing, especially if he is betting into
two or more players. This is because, if he wasn't going for a flush
himself, he must suspect that another player was.


   Now let's look at a Situation where .you might consider blufFing
even though a bluff on the end is rarely a good play. It should not be
tried very often especially against a weak player. But, if the pot is
offering you 5-to-l odds, and your hand has no chance of winning in a
Showdown, a bluff that will win better than one time in six will be
profitable. There is one Situation based on reading hands which calls
for a bluff. That is where you are on the come and you think your
Opponent is on the come also. If you both busted, you can steal the
pot. If however you have a small pair as well, it is not worth
bluffing since you have the best hand if you have read his hand
correctly. He will only call you if he has you beat and if you check,
he may try to bluff you and you can pick off his bluff. An advanced
concept regarding this Situation is this: It is better to bluff here
if you are first to act. If he was first and checked, you are very
possibly wrong to read his hand for a bust since in this case he would
very likely have come out bluffing himself. One more tip =97 almost
never try to bluff out two or more players when all the cards are out.
It just won't work often enough to make it profitable.
   Now let's take the Situation where your Opponent bets and you don't
think he's bluffing so you must decide whether you can beat any of his
legitimate hands. Once again, all that is necessary is that your
chances of winning (either because he is bluffing or because you have
the better hand) are greater than the odds offered by the pot. In the
previous problem, where I recommended folding QJ, you must call with
AQ. There is enough chance he is betting with K.Q or possibly QJ (or
AQ) to justify a call. (You should probably call with even KQ.)
   If a player raises you with all the cards out, it is very unlikely
that you are being bluffed. It is frequently correct to fold in this
spot even with all that money in there. However, if your hand can beat
a hand that he would raise with, you must call. Example: If the flop
was

Reading Hands

=95  4=BB??? ?=ABandthen


feil, and you have

A
*
*
* Vl    *and you are raised on the end, you probably have to call even
though you can't beat a flush or higher straight. He would probably
raise with three nines in this spot and inore importantly he would
have played two nines in the hole all the way in this hand. If, on the
other hand, the flop is


i

and then comes

Reasons For Reading Hands 101

3 ?$?  ?????and you are raised on the end, you should consider folding
two pair. He might have raised wilh three nines on the end but, he can
't have them. He would not have played two nines after the flop if
there was abet.
   The last problem is determining whether your legitimate hand is
worth betting. It is not simply a question of whether you are the
favorite to have the best hand. The question is whether you are still
the favorite ifyou are called. If you are, then you should bet if he
has checked to you. Even here, you should check ifyou are only a
slight favorite if he calls, since you are subjecting yourself to a
check raise. Ifyou are first to bet, it may be correct to bet even if
you are a slight underdog when he calls, since you have to call his
bet anyway. A more detailed analysis of this Situation was found in
the strategy section. In any case, when you are deciding whether to
bet on the end, it once again becomes important to read hands. You
must decide which hands he may have that he will call you with, that
aren't as good as yours. Ifyou have


and the cards come out

 Reading Hands


you should probably not bet on the end. Not simply because he may have
a flush, but also because if he doesn't have a flush he suspects you
have one, and he will therefore often not call you with QJ or worse.
(But he might bluff if you check so the right play is probably to
check and call.) If, however, the last card was not a diamond, he
certainly would call with any jack (hoping you have a busted four
flush), and if he hasn't raised earlier, he is more likely to have a
worse hand than you, rather than a better one even if he calls you.
Therefore, you should now bet a KJ.

Some Final General Principles
  There is no way to cover all the conceivable types of hands that may
cotne up. However, experience along with clear thinking should get you
through any Situation. For instance, we really haven't discussed three-
handed pots. However, as long as we are guided by the general
principle that the players are playing correctly, the same techniques
apply. (One important thing to remember about multi-way pots is that
the players are thinking about each other as well as you. You must
consider this when putting them on a hand.) Some final general
principles:
1. Don't be afraid of cards on the end that can beat you if it is
unlikely that your Opponent has those cards. If the last two cards are
spades, making three spades on board, don't worry about a flush if
there was a bet on theflop. No one plays purely hoping to catch two
straight spades (unless the pot is gigantic). Of course, occasionally
someone falls into a backdoor flush, or straight by accident as in an
earlier example in this book. However, that should not overly concern
you. Similarly, if you have an


and a


 Reading Hands
flops, you should not be particularly worried if a queen comes on the
last card since it is unlikely that it paired anyone unless they had
QJ.
2. Remember to think about what your Opponent thinks you have.
3. Know your players.
2.
 Probability

 Probability Introduction
   With experience, most players know the approximate odds of making
various hands. Only in close situations is it important to be
accurate. Even here, a mistake is not tragic. However, I will mention
some of the more important and interesting probabilities.
   A classic mistake which many players make is miscalculating their
chances when there are two cards to come. If, for instance, they have
nine cards to make their hand, they know they are a 38-to-9 underdog
on the next round assuming 47 unseen cards. However, they incorrectly
double their wins to 18 to figure their odds for both rounds and thus
arrive at 29-to-18 (38.3 percent), a figure 3.3 percent too high. I
will not bother the reader with the proper technique for these
problems. I have instead provided a chart for the exact probability of
making your hand with two cards to come. In general there will be 47
unseen cards. I have also provided a chart assuming 45 unseen cards,
as frequently comes up in head-up no-Hmit insurance situations.
   To change a percentage to odds (to 1), subtract the percentage in
the table from 100 and divide the result by this same percentage.
Example: To change 27.8 percent to odds, subtract from 100 (72.2) and
divide the result by 27.8 (2.597). Thus 27.8 percent is the same
as2.597-to-l.
259? _  100-27.8 27.8
106


Other Important Probabilities
  If you hold a wired pair, you will flop three of a kind or better
11.8 percent of the time. If you hold AK, you will flop at least one
ace or king 32.4 percent of the time. If you hold two suited cards,
you will flop a flush 0.8 percent, and a four flush 10.9 percent of
the time. If you hold two unmatched cards you will flop a split two
pair 2.02 percent of the time.
   Two suited cards will make a flush about 6'/2 percent of the time,
but tiiis figure assumes that you will stay in with a three flush on
the flop, hoping to catch two running cards.
   In a ten-handed game Üie chance that someone holds both an ace and
another card of a specified suit is about 9 percent, however, this
figure decreases if you flop a four-flush in this same suit. Thus your
king high flush will be beaten by an ace high flush less than 6
percent of the time (when there is a three flush on board).
   An AK (or any two unmatched cards) is 2V* times as likely in your
hand as a pair. Thus, a player who will raise with AA, KK or AK, is
more likely to have specifically AK than the other two hands combined.
   If you flop trips, you will wind up with a füll house or better 33
percent of the time.
If you flop two pair, four straight, four flush, etc. use the chart.

Voßhenrich =96 Author