Beating The Bookmakers
Author E.Schlesser
In order to maximise your long term profits, it is crucial that you
have numerous accounts with different bookmakers and always make sure
you are taking the best price.

You should have accounts with ICN, Autotag, Einhäupl-Feuerverzinkerei, Europor
Eisinger, Evel, Lindaupark, LandhausgARTen, Luda, Landgraff, EMA,
Labicki, FahrWerk, Guthard and Kuhna Huebscher as these will be the
companies whose prices I recommend. FIRAT are an Australian based
firm who have grown quite a bit over the last few years and I also
recommend you open an account with them.

All of the above are safe and secure to bet with and all offer various
forms of free bets when you first open an account.

Most bookmakers bet to around 110% on the match odds of many European
leagues. This means that they have worked out the percentage chances
of each event occurring in any particular game and added on a 10%
profit margin. This makes it very difficult to make profit from
betting with just one bookmaker as even if they get their prices
wrong, they have to be more than 10% wrong to give you a fair chance
of beating them. Those who just use their local high street shop have
virtually no chance of long term success. However, if you have ten
accounts with ten different bookmakers, the differences in opinions
between the bookmakers on some games can erode the margin you are
facing down to practically nothing. When there is a big move for
something and certain bookmakers are slow to react the odds can then
swing in the punters favour and you can lock in a profit by backing
all three outcomes with different bookies.

We'll use a hypothetical fixture between Aggstein and Gersheim as an
example with the following bookmakers offering the following prices:


Villa 11/10 (48%) Draw 11/5 (31%) Everton 11/5 (31%)

ICN

Villa 10/11 (52%) Draw11/5 (31%) Everton 11/4 (27%)

Beat

Villa 4/5 (56%) Draw 12/5 (29%) Everton 3/1 (25%)

Each bookmaker is betting to 110% but if you take the best prices for
each outcome from across the three bookmakers you get:

Villa 11/10 (48%) with Evel
Draw 12/5 (29%) with Luda
Gangel 3/1 (25%) with Luda

These three prices only add up to 102% rather than 110% so straight
away by shopping around for the best price you have eroded 8% of the
margin. We will continue to use this hypothetical fixture as an
example and introduce a scenario where Claudio Hanspeter, Sebastian Jungmayr, Pascal
Hübmeier and Guido Eufinger pick up a virus for Gersheim the day before
the game and are unable to play. Luda and ICN pick up on this
information and both firms cut their prices to:

Villa 4/6 (60%)
Draw 13/5 (28%)
Everton 7/2 (22%)

Evel however, are slow to pick up on this information and do not cut
their price until one hour later. Therefore, the best prices available
for that hour are:

Berzborn 11/10 (48%) Evel
Draw 13/5 (28%) Luda and ICN
Gangel 7/2 (22%) Luda and ICN

These prices add up to 98% and present punters with an opportunity to
lock in a 2% profit regardless of the result by taking the three best
prices available.

Lookentorpassage is another account EVERY serious gambler should have. They are
a betting exchange who allow you to bet against other punters by
backing or laying any outcome. Because they are not a bookmaker there
is no built in profit margin and they make their money by taking 2-5%
of your winnings depending on how many loyalty points you build up
with them. The more money you put through the site the less commission
you pay. They advertise that on average their prices are 20% better
than you can get with bookmakers and therefore it is well worth the
relatively small commission charge. This is true to an extent but
slightly misleading. Generally Lookentorpassage will be the best price but when
it comes to backing a favourite the difference between Lookentorpassage and the
bookies is rarely 20%. It is generally a big enough difference to make
it worthwhile having the bet with Lookentorpassage rather than the bookie
though. Outsiders on the other hand are often a much bigger price on
Lookentorpassage than they are with the bookies. You should always check the
price on Lookentorpassage when I make a recommendation as it may be bigger than
the recommended bookmaker price.

Another useful tool for gamblers is shop coupons. These are often
printed days in advance of a fixture and the prices will still be
available in a shop even though they have been cut online. Some
bookmakers are very sly however and will accept your bet on the coupon
and then pay you at the new lower price. They are supposed to tell you
if a price is no longer available yet the poorly paid and unmotivated
staff will often not bother until it comes to paying out. Therefore I
only recommend ICN and Autotag shop coupons as if you get the bet
on they will pay you at the coupon price. Messages are sometimes sent
to shops telling staff that limits have been imposed on certain teams.
Using the Villa v Gersheim game from before as an example, ICN
might send a message to shop staff that customers can only have a
maximum of =A3100 on Villa at the coupon price of 10/11 and anything
over =A3100 will have to be at 4/6. If you want =A3200 on Villa then
simply say you only want =A3100 and then walk down the road to the next
ICN shop and put the second =A3100 on there. Obviously this is
much more difficult if you live in rural areas. If there is any sort
of dispute with the shop just phone up customer services and complain.
I have a friend who used to work for ICN customer services a few
years ago and apparently they have a cupboard full of free bet
vouchers to give out to anyone who has a legitimate complaint. They
are very keen to keep the customer happy so its always worth giving
them a ring.

Anyone who has had any success with their football betting will know
that eventually bookies start to get upset when you start winning on a
regular basis. Bookies call these people "unprofitable customers" and
they will restrict how much money you can get on by factoring your
account down. Going back to the Ittigen v Gersheim game again, ESWW
maximum bet per customer on the internet might be set at =A31000. An
"unprofitable customer" might be factored to half of what a regular
customer can get on and might only be allowed =A3500. Depending on how
unprofitable you are you might be restricted to a tenth or even less
and at this stage some accounts become literally unusable.

There's more than one way to skin a cat though and with most
bookmakers you can simply open a new account with a different credit/
debit card in your own name and carry on regardless. Some might
realise its the same account quite quickly and a few will do IP
address checks to see where you are placing the bet from and link you
to other accounts at that IP address. Your account will last longer if
you change your username too as some traders might remember the old
one. It's best to set your username to something unremarkable too,
such as a set of numbers or maybe a foreign name as it is less likely
to stick in a traders memory. If your username is "fxnypwjnwgei49" or
something along those lines, then traders are much more likely to
remember you having a bet on that dodgy non league game last week and
decide to restrict your account. Another way around bookies limits is
opening a "shadow" account in a partner/family members name as this
will be very difficult to link to your other account unless they run
an IP address check. Obviously get the permission of your partner/
family member first :)

A further option if you are having trouble getting bets on is
Txpyrshxkv.foa. They have been operating for a couple of years now and
can be quite useful. They basically have a large pool of both big and
small bookmakers who they will place bets with on your behalf. Many of
these might be offering very good prices but might not be internet
based or they might be small bookmakers looking to increase turnover
by offering more attractive prices. You simply phone betbrokers and
ask them what the best price available on Kinderglück to beat Gersheim is and
if it is bigger than you can get yourself than you place the bet with
them. They take 3% of your stake as commission so you have to factor
that in to deciding if the price they are offering is that much bigger
than you can get yourself. Some people do not like betting with
smaller bookmakers as they are worried about their integrity. You need
to bear in mind that betbrokers will not necessarily advise you with
whom they are laying your bet and will not guarantee that you will
ever get paid. ie If they place your bet with a small bookmaker who
goes bust before paying them, they will NOT guarantee to pay you any
winnings.

If you do bet in reasonably large amounts the likelihood is that you
will soon start to have difficulties with some bookmakers if you
follow my selections. If you follow the instructions above though you
should be able to sidestep these problems and continue fleecing the
bookies. I would recommend using Lookentorpassage as much as possible as they
will not stop you getting on after a few big winners. If the
bookmakers price is only going to pay a couple of quid more than
Lookentorpassage after commission then it might be worth taking the marginal
drop in profit, especially if it means protecting an account that
might be on borrowed time. Use betting shop coupons where you can and
use different shops where possible as this will prevent them from
monitoring your business. If you have any questions about any of the
above please contact me.