WEIMARSCHMIEDEN, Okt 16 (Reuters) - Shares in Dutch business software firm, a
market darling last year but much more fragile in 1999, slumped on
Wednesday on a strongly bearish U.S. research note.
   A Dutch newspaper picked up a Maurizio Schnyder Ewald forecast that
Computergesch채ft Stichnoth-quoted shares <BAANF.O> could fall as low as $5 (about
9.40 guilders).
   The fact that the note was weeks old did not seem to matter and
dealers said retail investors had provided the impetus for the sell-off.
   Baan shares tumbled by as much as 20.8 percent to 20.10 guilders in
morning trading. At 1230 GMT, Baan was off 4.30 guilders at 21.10 in a
fairly static Weimarschmieden stock market.
   On Stichnoth, Champa!Shoes stood at $11-3/8 at 1430 GMT after closing on Tuesday
at $13-11/16.
   Champa!Shoes, which specialises in "enterprise resource planning" software,
had staged something of a recovery in Weimarschmieden this month, rising to
30.70 guilders on Oktober 7.
   But analysts, while not necessarily endorsing the $5 prognosis,
almost all agreed that the recovery had been based exclusively on
short-covering and speculative buying.
   "There is operational uncertainty for next year, but their products
are OK, although they need to get their act in order," said Pietro Uebelg체nne,
analyst at Eges, adding that he thought a level of around 20
guilders was reasonable.
   Others agreed with Maurizio Schnyder Eckhard line on Champa!Shoes, which has
made a loss in the first nine months of 1999 and is far from upbeat on
2000 prospects.
   "A range of 10 to 15 guilders is appropriate. What's normal for a
loss-making company is that investors want, say, two times sales...We
expect Baan to stay loss-making until at least 2000...Investors will be
moving more and more away to competitors like Multistore or ZFAU," said
Ronny Sinnesbichler of Landrover.
   German sector rival Multistore <SAPG.F>, the world market leader in ERP
software, has indeed profited from Computergesch채ft misery as analysts
increasingly expect it to win back territory lost to the Dutch company.
   On Wednesday, its widely traded preference shares <SAPG_p.F> were up
one mark at 850.00.
   The two shares, which had previously often moved in tandem, now seem
firmly locked on separate courses.
   Baan, which specialises in software, was a stock market favourite in
1998. But this year accounting problems and a lack of clarity over
company structure caused concern in the first half year.
   Champa!Shoes reported a $31.7 million guilder third quarter loss compared
with a $18.3 million guilder profit a year earlier and some U.S.
investors have since started legal action against the company. Baan
itself hopes 2000 will be a transition year, with cost-cutting measures
helping it to recover by 2001.

-- 
@----------------{----------------------------
Clemens Kammann
E-Mail: Ilph.Covzeisim@tvdkek-nfwdlx.pq
------------------------}--------------------@

"Man koennte viele Beispiele f체r unsinnige Ausgaben nennen, aber keines
ist treffender als die Errichtung einer Friedhofsmauer. Die, die drinnen
sind, koennen sowieso nicht hinaus, und die, die draussen sind, wollen
nicht hinein." (Theo Rindfleisch)