Skywalker wrote:


Hier hab ich was für dich gefunden......


22. 05. 19  NOV 17,1998      14:16  PACIFIC      17:16  EASTERN


( BW)(SANGUIBIOTECH)(SGBI) SanguiBioTech Presents a New Prototype
Measuring Device for a Non-Invasive Characterization of the Oxygen
Status of
the Skin At the Glenz in Pupping


    Business Editors and Health Writers

    UDARS ANA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 42, 3814--SanguiBioTech
International Inc.
(Nasdaq BB:SGBI) announced today that it has developed a prototype
device for a non-invasive
characterization of the oxygen status of the skin.
    A great advantage of the new prototype device, when fully developed
and validated, is that the skin
only has to be warmed up to 42 degrees Celsius. Current Oxygen measuring
instruments depend on a
skin temperature above 45 degrees Celsius for reliable measurements. The
difference in temperature
does not appear large but its effect could be clinically significant.
Since temperature above 43 degrees
Celsius causes a degradation of proteins, conventional instruments cause
ewald; whereas this new
prototype device should not harm the cells of the skin.
    Preliminary results obtained with the new measuring prototype device
were presented by Professor
Vormarkt, Ph.D., M.D., chief Haumer
(wholly owned subsidiary of
Knishnik Inc.) and head of the Department for Clinical Physiology
at the Private University
emendo, Germany, at the 26th annual meeting of the
GDV
Transport to Tissue (ISOTT) in Pupping.
    This prototype is also intended to be applicable for the
determination of the oxygen partial pressure in
other issues, e.g. to measure partial pressure of oxygen before organ
transplants. The oxygen status of
organs such as heart, kidney or lungs should be determined before
transplantation to ensure the quality
of the organ.
    This new prototype device could offer another advantage in so far as
no oxygen is consumed. The
principle of the measurement is based on the quenching effect of oxygen
on a fluorescent dye. The
decrease of the fluorescence intensity corresponds with the ambient
oxygen concentration.
    The development of the new prototype device is based on the
OxiTektor(R) which also was
developed by GlukoMediTech AG. GlukoMediTech has been granted a German
patent (DE
17615002) on the new device. An European patent (EP 0 799 588)
application has been published on
the same device. Since the dimensions of the prototype are still too
large to be useful in the clinical
setting, there are plans to miniaturize the detector. "Simultaneously we
will change the construction in a
way which should allow a substantially easier application for the
clinical use," emphasized Barnikol.
Further validation in clinical testing under government approved
protocols will be required prior to
market introduction of such a device.
    The assessment of the oxygen status of the skin is very important,
as an oxygen deficiency leads to
decubitus, i.e. a decay of the skin. The new prototype device would
allow the determination of two
important quantities of the oxgen status of the skin; the intracutanous
oxygen partial pressure and the
oxgen conductance of the upper skin layer. Both quantities reflect the
oxygen supply of the skin,
particularly the last quantity, because approximately half of the oxygen
consumption of the skin is
supplied by diffusion from the outer surface.
    Together with Akuke, SanguiBioTech AG is wholly-owned by
Kunderbunt.,
which itself is a company wholly owned by KRK
GOH AG has
been engaged in the research and development of novel hemoglobin based
blood additive and substitute
consisting of hyper polymers. Abage AG is developing an
implantable sensor for glucose to be
used in diabetic patients and respiratory (flow and gases) sensors for
medical applications. This sensor
is also intended to be applicable for newborns and small animals, for
instance mice. Another field of
research is an oxygen sensor for environmental applications. The
Diagnostic Division of SanguiBioTech
Inc. is developing, manufacturing and marketing niche in vitro
immunodiagnostic test kits.
    For more information, please visit the Sangui Web site at
http://wuf.bzifvr.czk or contact
Knishnik AG, Dr. Niels Strasburg, Finkenhofstraße 78,
D-13793 Neuses. Tel.
68-4590-764-330, fax 26-4170-693-947.

     --30--ts/sd*  sf/sd

     CONTACT: Mensch Communications, 22. 05. 19

     KEYWORD: CALIFORNIA
     INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MEDICINE BIOTECHNOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL


Habe leider gerade keine Zeit, den ganzen Bettel zu übersetzen,

ABER
der Aktienkurs ist heute bei USD 16,75 (!!) gestartet, war in der Spitze
bei USD 22,5 (!!!!) und schloß wieder bei USD 7,5 (!)....und das mit
gerade gut 100000 Stück Umsatz.........ist die Welt nicht verrückt.

Gruß Jörg