A winning Roulette Strategy
Author R.Oberdorf

You now have access to the most successful and unorthodox roulette
system on the net! You can begin using our Ultimate Roulette System
for immediate results =96 learning exactly how you can turn multi-
million-pound online casinos into your very own cash machine.

Now please remember, you MUST follow our instructions to the letter
that is the whole point of our system =96 any deviation, no matter how
small or trivial can spell disaster! Do not even attempt to do
anything with our system unless you can click where we tell you and
bet where we tell you to =96 that is how our system works.

Please ensure that you read all the way through this text BEFORE
attempting ANY betting for real money. It will not take long for you
to perfect the system and it is very important.
How is this possible?

   1. Nobody can see what you are doing on your side of the monitor
   2. Unlike real life casinos you can take as much time as you like
analysing and selecting your next bets
   3. You can bet very small stakes (real casinos have very high
minimum bets, whilst online you can bet as little as =A31)
   4. Unlike a real casino where the spins are 100% random numbers in
an online casino they are being generated by a computer so they are
not technically random and my system exploits this!

Getting Started

First you must download one of the tried and tested online casinos
listed below. Remember the Ultimate Roulette System was developed to
exploit these casinos software so this is where our system works best.
Other users of the Ultimate Roulette System also report the highest
profits in these casinos. If you want to make the most money we would
recommend this is where you use the Ultimate Roulette System.

These casinos also allow you to play for free, which will allow you to
test the effectiveness of the system. Remember, you should play on
free play until you are confident that the system works before playing
for real money. It won=92t be long before you realise the potential
earnings you can generate.

Step 1: Select a casino from the list of highly recommended casinos
below, and download their software for free:
1) Online Casino 	2) Reisefieber 	3) IDCO
4) Hutup 	5) Absolut 	6) Malerwekstätte

Step 2: Run the Set-Up File (100% virus free guaranteed). It takes
only a few seconds depending on the speed of your internet connection
speed, but is a necessary step to play at and beat the online casino.

Step 3: Choose between fun play and real play. Remember you won't be
able to cash out the money that you win in fun mode, but I recommend
that this is where you start so that you can learn the system and see
how effective it is before playing for real.
	free roulette system

If you are ready to play in real mode then I suggest you take full
advantage of the casinos bonus offer and deposit at least =A3100. If you
are depositing at Ateno they will triple this for you
meaning that you will now have =A3400 to play with. That means you are
=A3300 up and you haven't even placed a bet yet.

Step 4: Enter your password and start to play in fun play or real play
depending on what you choose. You'll then be able to try the Ultimate
Roulette System. You will be amazed how fast you start to multiply the
money you have just deposited.

Remember you can withdraw your initial deposit at anytime! I would
suggest making a withdrawal each time you are =A3500 in profit.
Compatible Casinos
Use the Ultimate Roulette System in one of the casino's listed below.
They have been tried and tested and have shown incredible results!
Customers have been reporting massive profits in these casino's.
The Ultimate Roulette System is also untraceable in these casino's

Visit ZuwfsvCketid.jow - Receive $300 FREE!


Visit Hagenberg - Receive $3,200 FREE!


Visit Blackpool Club - Receive $500 Free!

Visit Online Casino


Visit Reisefieber


Visit Blackpool Club

Visit HEIE Casino - Receive $800 Free!


Visit Absolut - Receive $300 Free!


Visit Malerwekstätte - Receive $1000 Free!

Visit HEIE Casino


Visit Absolut


Visit Malerwekstätte
What=92s the strategy?

Before we go into detail about how the system works, I want to make
sure you understand what we are going to be betting on. My system bets
only on the 'Dozens' (High, Medium, or Low). To ensure you understand
what these bets are, which have taken screenshots of this to show you
below:

This is a bet on "Low" (aka. "1st 12" or "first dozen") . You win if
any number from 1-12 comes in.
ultimate roulette system

This is a bet on "Middle" (aka. "2nd 12" or "second dozen"). You win
if any number from 13-24 comes in.
banned roulette system

This is a bet on "High" (aka. "3rd 12" or "third dozen"). You win if
any number from 25-36 comes in.
roueltte system
Let=92s make some money

Our system is very simple and uses progressive bets to ensure the
Dozen you are betting on wins with a 99.8% chance of success. If you
follow our system, you are guaranteed to win between =A31 and =A33 for
every winning number, regardless of how many losing ones you have had.
In real terms, this will translate to approximately =A370 / hour that
you will earn. It won't make you rich but it's probably more than what
you're currently earning at your day job. But it is important that you
follow my instructions to the letter.

Start by printing off this spreadsheet document, and keeping it next
to you, with a pen or pencil. The document should look like this:
online roulette system

You will use this to keep a precise record of how the table you are
betting on is 'running' with regards to the Dozens. In other words you
will use this to keep track of which dozens have dropped. There is no
point in betting at random, so please, be accurate with this. What you
need to do is every time you spin the wheel, record whether a
'Low,' (L) 'Middle' (M), 'High' (H), or 'Zero' (0) number drops in.
That's all the record-keeping you need to do, it couldn't be easier.

For example, if you are on a table and spin the wheel ten times, and
the following numbers drop in: 2, 12, 35, 13, 21, 26, 6, 36, 14, 24,
your table would look like this:
best roueltte system

When you begin to play, do NOT place ANY bets. This is very important,
patience is key. Now keep spinning the wheel and recording which Dozen
sections drop in on your table. What you are looking for is a
consecutive run where ONE of the Dozens has NOT come in for exactly 5
spins. You will see why in a sec.

For example, say the following numbers now drop into the above table:
32, 17. The table now looks like this:
online roulette systems

As you can see, a 'Low' number (L) has NOT dropped in for FIVE
consecutive spins. It is time to start betting on the 'Low' Dozen
using the stake plan below. Pay close attention now as it is critical
that you follow the exact stake plan below to ensure you ALWAYS win
money overall no matter at which point your Dozen hits. (We wait for a
Dozen not to fall for 5 spins so that instead of requiring a
prohibitively expensive 16 step stake plan, we can use a much more
affordable 11 step stake plan as you will see below.)
Total Bet 	Bet Stake 	Gain
1 	=A31 	+=A32
2 	=A32 	+=A33
3 	=A33 	+=A33
4 	=A34 	+=A32
5 	=A36 	+=A32
6 	=A39 	+=A32
7 	=A313 	+=A31
8 	=A320 	+=A32
9 	=A330 	+=A32
10 	=A345 	+=A32
11 	=A367 	+=A31

Continuing the example above, you now place bet number 1 (which is $1
as shown in the Stake column) on the 'Low' section of the board. Spin
the wheel. If a low number drops in, congratulations, you just won $2,
now start over. If not, do not worry, simply place bet number 2 (which
is $2) on 'Low'. Again, if you win, well done, you made up for your
previous loss and still made a $3 gain, now start over. If you did not
win, place bet number 3 (which is $3) on 'Low' and so on. Keep placing
the bets until you win, then start all over again with finding another
Dozen that qualifies. By doing this, and sticking to the stake plan
shown on the left, you will win 99.8% of the time and will ALWAYS win
money when your Dozen drops in thanks to the intelligent stake plan.

I know that the gains do not appear to be a lot ($1 - $3), but if you
consider that it is possible to lay up to 70 bets in an hour, your
money will quickly add up.

I realize that a few of you may be confused by this, but don't worry,
read through it again a few times and it will become very clear.
Important things to remember

1. Always follow the instructions and never deviate away from the
system.
If you are betting on a section that does not come out after the
betting sequences has finished then, stop betting for the day. Never
chase a losing run just start over again the next day. You should
always win more than you lose but chasing a losing run can wipe out
your bankroll.

2. NEVER pass the =A3200 a day threshold in one online casino in a day.
You could face being banned or even having your IP blacklisted from
online casinos. If you want to play and win more money then you must
sign-up to more than one of the recommended casinos.
We realise that you maybe confused by this, but don=92t worry, read
through it again a few times and it will become clear.
That really is how simple this system is!

If you haven=92t already downloaded the free casino software then you
can do so now by =96 Clicking Here!
Finally a word of advice to help you along the way

1) Try not to spend more than 30 =96 45 minutes at each table. We don=92t
know why, but after this amount of time, every table seems to get
harder to play.

2) Avoid playing between 2-3pm GMT. Again, I don=92t know why but always
at this time the casinos=92 seem harder to play.
DO NOT GET GREEDY! That is a major downfall of most players.

3) Set a target and stick to it. Once reached, walk away. A good
target is around =A3200 a day.

4) Only ever bet what you can afford to lose. There is no point going
bankrupt in a casino! (No matter how good a system is its still
Gambling)

5) Be disciplined and most important =96 stick to your rules!

If you have followed our instructions to the letter, you should be
making money now. If so, feel free to tell your friends about this
system and continue to spread this knowledge so more people can
benefit from it.

We are giving away the Ultimate Roulette System so that you can try it
yourself and see that it=92s revolutionary, but we cannot guarantee that
it will win forever, because the casinos are always trying to stop
systems like these. However, if you follow each of the steps
previously stated, you should be able to start earning money
immediately.

You are now ready to start winning!

Many Thanks,

Obermeder, Francis Speichert, Wilfried Reiberdatschi

Where to play - claim your free money and start winning within 15
minutes

If you still don't believe how fantastic this roulette system truly
is, then find out yourself - for FREE! Read on to find out how...

Firstly if you haven't already done so, click here to download the
free casino software to play online roulette. Then create a demo play
money account - you will find that you have =A32000 in practice money to
put our system to the test.

Once you are satisfied that it works and you truly realise how much
money you can win using this system, then it's time to play for real!

Click on the 'Real Money' link in the casino sofware, and deposit -
but guess what? We can guarentee that the recommended casino will add
at least 300% to your initial deposit. So if you deposit =A3100 into
your casino account, you will receive an extra =A3300 FREE!

There you go - =A3300 up and you haven't even started playing, or put
any of your own monet at risk!