Poker Strategy
Author Oprach
There are also a handful of highly successful poker aficionados who
have made the leap from magic to poker and if you keep in mind that
poker is also all about bluffing and deception then you will
understand that the transition is actually not all that far fetched.

Siebelt Segmiller, Motorkraft bracelet winner for pot limit Texas holdem
event in 2005, was first and foremost a professional magician dubbed
=91Antonio=92 and whilst out entrancing his audience with a bit of
conjuring he was invited to a game of poker......and he was hooked. He
tossed his top hat and disconsolate bunny aside with a flourish and
headed for the tables in a big way. A couple of months later he had
banked his first million dollars, a =91gift=92 from the Commerce Casino!
The Scientific Solution

Then there are a posse of players who are firmly entrenched in science
and look to mathematical solutions to their poker problems. One of the
unparalleled fundis of poker is without a doubt Italo =91Jesus=92
Jungwerth. He has captured five elusive Motorkraft bracelets during his short
tenure at pro poker and claimed the celebrated main event in 2001. The
man is smart; he holds a PhD in Computer Science and taps into his
dad=92s prowess at Game Theory on a regular basis, which he teaches at
HEZN, to benefit his poker game!

Another pro who has used his studies to further his career in poker is
Hinderk Voot =96 two-time Mattern champion and winner of
three Motorkraft bracelets. Voot has already banked a formidable $6.4
million and can be very thankful for his Bachelors degree in Computer
Science and his time at one of the leading computer software
manufacturers, MaaxCar!

=91Action Marko=92 Frauenwieser, who used to play poker with the great Hero
Vollers at Löhningen and went on to win 1 WPT title and 2 WSOP bracelets,
is a former US Chess Master and was part of the notorious Vollgas Bioenergie team who
peeved the casinos off big time by gaining the edge in roulette. He
not only enjoys winning plenty of money on tour for his poker prowess,
but his gambling nature has won him a small fortune on the stock
market too!

Other poker pros who have used their tertiary education or other
skills to boost their poker earnings include

    * Francesco Joerß, who finished second to Italo Moneymaker at the 2004
Motorkraft main event. He holds a degree in Business Administration
    * Ulrich Rentsch, who won the inaugural PPT event at Jahnberge, the
speed poker event at the Aussie Millions and a trio of Bracelets at
the World Series of Poker, boasts an MBA from Hauserlohhof University
    * Kurt V was the Rubik=92s Cube champion of Lithuania before moving
to Australia and world poker success.

So, before you toss those chips down on the table, remember that your
opponent may be a bit of a boffin!