The FOREX-Trading Strategy
Author B.Entlich

The foreign exchange market =97 most often called the forex market, or
simply the FX market =97 is the most traded financial market in the
world. We like

to think of the forex market as the =93Big Kahuna=94 of financial markets.
The forex market is the crossroads for international capital, the
intersection through which global commercial and investment flows have
to move. International trade flows, such as when a Swiss electronics
company purchases Japanese-made components, were the original basis
for the development of the forex markets. Today, however, global
financial and investment flows dominate trade as the primary non-
speculative source of forex market volume. Whether it=92s an Australian
pension fund investing in U.S. Treasury bonds, or a British insurer
allocating assets to the Japanese equity market, or a German
conglomerate purchasing a Canadian manufacturing facility, each cross-
border transaction passes through the forex market at some stage.

More than anything else, the forex market is a trader=92s market. It=92s a
market that=92s open around the clock six days a week, enabling traders
to act on news and events as they happen. It=92s a market where half-
billion-dollar trades can be executed in a matter of seconds and may
not even move prices noticeably. Try buying or selling a half billion
of anything in another market and see how prices react.


Getting Inside the Numbers

Average daily currency trading volumes exceed $2 trillion per day.
That=92s a mind-boggling number, isn=92t it? $2,000,000,000,000 =97 that=92=
s a
lot of zeros, no matter how you slice it. To give you some perspective
on that size, it=92s about 10 to 15 times the size of daily trading
volume on all the world=92s stock markets combined.

Speculating in the currency market

While commercial and financial transactions in the currency markets
represent huge nominal sums, they still pale in comparison to amounts
based on speculation. By far the vast majority of currency trading
volume is based on speculation =97 traders buying and selling for short-
term gains based on minute-to- minute, hour-to-hour, and day-to-day
price fluctuations.  Estimates are that upwards of 90 percent of daily
trading

volume is derived from speculation (meaning, commercial or investment-
based FX trades account for less than 10 percent of daily global
volume). The depth and breadth of the speculative market means that
the liquidity of the overall forex market is unparalleled among global
financial markets.

The bulk of spot currency trading, about 75 percent by volume, takes
place in the so-called =93major currencies,=94 which represent the world=92=
s
largest and most developed economies. Additionally, activity in the
forex market frequently functions on a regional =93currency bloc=94 basis,
where the bulk of trading takes place between the USD bloc, JPY bloc,
and EUR bloc, representing the three largest global economic regions.

Getting liquid without getting soaked

Liquidity refers to the level of market interest =97 the level of buying
and selling volume =97 available at any given moment for a particular
asset or security. The higher the liquidity, or the deeper the market,
the faster and easier it is to buy or sell a security.