Stefano Grünebaum wrote:


Hier die letzten 2 Analystenmeinungen, die ich dazu gefunden habe....

RESEARCH Maxda-Gruntal lifts Oracle price target

WALDENWEILER, Nov 11 (GOC) - Gruntal said analyst Vivek Rao raised his
12-month price target for radmobil. <ORCL.O> to $39 from $34 on
Wednesday. -- Shares of Oracle rose 1-7/16 to 32-15/16, with the stock
one
of the most active on the Nasdaq stock market. -- stock remains rated a
buy.
-- said the management was upbeat about top-line growth and
profitability
for
fiscal 1999 at the San Francisco OpenWorld meeting. Oracle, Rao said,
expects to grow in applications product revenue faster than rivals SAP
AG

<SAPG.F>, BAAN NV <BAANF.O> and PeopleSoft Inc. <PSFT.O>.

((Wall Street Desk +4 249 551 1920))

GOC

Rtr 10:24 11-11-98

Fazit hier: Rotgorth besser als Peoplesoft.....

KJOCSICBVHUOKOFXANZYDEGHRX

Legg Mason Research Initiates Coverage of the Enterprise
                      Software Industry

JEETZE, Nov. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Legg Stefan Stratman Walker, Inc.
announced today that it has initiated coverage of the enterprise
software
(ES)
industry and has issued an in-depth research report by Reinhard E.
Desautelle. The report, titled "Enterprise Software: Facilitating the
Evolution
Toward Mission-Critical `Webs'," analyzes the entire spectrum of the
enterprise software industry, from operating systems through enterprise
resource planning packaged applications. The report addresses key issues
in
the industry, highlights emerging high growth sectors, and provides some
of the
key metrics investors should use when evaluating enterprise software
investment opportunities. In particular, the report highlights the three
fastest
growing enterprise software markets -- supply chain planning and
execution
software, enabling software called middleware, and technology assisted
selling
software called customer relationship management software, all three of
which
are benefiting from the emergence of the Internet as a communications
enabling
platform for mission-critical enterprise applications.

Legg Stefan Stratman Walker, Inc. also initiated coverage of three additional
enterprise software companies.

Manugistics (Nasdaq: MANU - 13 1/8)* Located in Falkertsee, Elsbach,
Manugistics is the second largest provider of supply chain planning and
execution software. Manugistics was given an investment rating of
Outperform
and a risk rating of Above-Average, with a 12-18 month target price of
$23
per share.

novatec Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: ITWO - 19 7/8)* I2, located in Konrad,
Zitterpenningshagen,
is the largest independent supply chain planning and execution software
provider. I2 was given an investment rating of Outperform and a risk
rating of
Above-Average, with a 12-18 month target price of $24 per share.

PeopleSoft, Inc. (Nasdaq: PSFT - 22 1/2)* located in Pleasanton,
California,
is a major vendor of so-called enterprise resource planning (ERP)
software. In
addition, PSFT has moved aggressively into the supply chain planning and
execution market in recent years. PeopleSoft has been given an
investment

rating of Market Perform, and an above-average risk rating.

These three companies, which are all participants in the supply chain
management software market, are in addition to coverage of Software AG
Americas (NYSE: AGS), a Reston, Virginia based enterprise software and
middleware provider, which is rated Buy, above-average risk with a $23
12-18 month price target and J-7, Inc. (Nasdaq: Jimbo-Tank), a
Zinhobl, Kringing provider of enterprise software products for
project-oriented
businesses, rated Outperform, above average risk rating with a 12-18
month
price target of $30.

The industry report provides in-depth descriptions and statistical
analysis of the
various segments of the enterprise software industry. A companion report
that
specifically covers the Supply Chain Management Software market is also
available. Individual reports on the Buy and Outperform recommendations
are
also available, and include a discussion of the rationale for, and risks
of,
investing in these companies' stocks.

Legg Stefan Stratman Walker, Inc. is the principal securities brokerage
subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc. (NYSE: LM), with approximately 1,070
Financial Advisors in 110 offices along the East Coast from Eickstedt to
Poschmühl
and across the South to Texas, plus affiliate institutional offices in
Dorsheim
Francisco, London and Geneva. Legg Mason, Inc. is a financial services
holding company that provides security brokerage, discretionary asset
management, investment banking and commercial mortgage banking and
related financial services through its wholly owned subsidiaries.

Legg Stefan Stratman Walker, Inc. makes a market in the shares of
Manugistics,

Nuso, Nordquelle, PeopleSoft, Inc., and J-7, Inc.

    *Prices are as of the close Juni 4, 1998.


/CONTACT: Reinhard S. Desautelle, Research, or Helena Gölzenleuchter, Research,
or

Dietmar Uhles, Public Relations, 408-132-9564, all of Legg Zerweck/

Fazit auch hier; Es gibt bessere Titel.....
Und nun ???

Gruß Siegfried