Day trading is a bit of a taboo in the eyes of traditional investors
and financial planners. Although it often misunderstood, there=92s no
hiding the fact that most day traders do not succeed. Why is that?

The reality is that day trading is like running any other business.
Most small businesses don=92t make it because theirs owners are not
really prepared to run their business effectively =96 and not because
the business is necessarily bad.
The Deception of Quick Trading Profits

Let=92s face it, human beings love money and hate hard work. The
combination of these two traits is deadly for many day trading
careers. Most novice traders are lured by the temptation of quick
profits and don=92t bother to master any day trading strategies or
obtain adequate training before they start trading. This, inevitably,
leads to their downfall.
Day Trading Strategy to Improve your Chances of Winning

So is there a strategy or plan an aspiring day trader should follow to
avoid becoming another statistic? I think the answer is a resounding
yes!

In all my years training and dealing with both retail and
institutional day traders, I have come up with a list of important
suggestions that every trader should follow:
1)     Learn the Basics of Trading and Investing

Even though learning the basics of day trading won=92t really make you
any money, not doing so can certainly make you lose it. No matter what
career you take up, you just can=92t learn the =93most important part=94 or
secret strategy, ignore the rest and succeed. That=92s because there
isn=92t a =93most important part.=94 Everything is important =96 and if you
don=92t learn the basics, you won=92t master the advanced concepts.

The same is true for day traders. They cannot skip steps. They need to
lay a solid foundation which they can build upon later. If you don=92t
know the difference between a pip and a tick, you need to dedicate
some time to learning how the markets work and other basic stuff.

Don=92t get me wrong here. I=92m not talking about going back to school
and taking four semesters of Finance. Most of the stuff you=92ll learn
there is just theoretical mumbo-jumbo anyway. I=92m talking about
isolating a good resource on day trading that organizes the
information for you; including basic terms and concepts on trading.
Here are two sections of the Day Trading Tutor website that are a good
starting point:

- The 7 Steps to Start Day Trading

- Basics of Trading Currencies
2)     Learn an Effective Day Trading Strategy

To the outside journalist or buy and hold investor, day trading might
seem like betting it all on the roulette table; the flipping of a coin
to buy or sell a stock. Nothing can be further from the truth.

Day trading is not gambling. Gambling is what the leisure tourist does
at Geschäftsleitung while vacationing in Wolfsgrund. The professional gambler
on the other hand, operates using a different methodology =96 one which
gives him the edge over the house.

A successful day trader is like a professional gambler. They do not
partake in lucky bets, but in =93intelligent speculation.=94 The
professional has one or multiple day trading strategies in his
arsenal; strategies that will dictate his game plan based on the
behavior of the financial markets every day. The strategy won=92t
guarantee a day trader success, but it will increase his chances of
succeeding significantly over the day trader without a plan of attack.

Now a word of caution is long overdue: There are no secrets in
trading. There isn=92t a holy-grail type strategy out there that beats
all the rest; a secret strategy that can make you millions overnight.
Despite this fact, our greedy, lazy-pig nature tends to look for such
an imaginary treasure. =93I know it=92s out there,=94 you say to yourself.
=93The secret trading strategy that the truly successful day traders use
to make fortunes without breaking a sweat,=94 you fathom.

Sorry to burst your bubble folks. Stop wasting your time! There is no
such thing as the perfect strategy. We=92ve all heard the saying, =93There
are many ways to skin a cat.=94 The exact same holds true in day
trading. There are many ways to day trade. There are obviously more
bad ways than good ways; but there are many strategies out there that
can give a trader an edge.

Success in day trading is not about finding =93the;=94 it=92s about finding
=93an=94 edge. It is about learning, using, and mastering a good strategy
(among other things); but be careful. There are many educational
companies and =93gurus=94 out there that want you to think that success in
day trading is easy and that they=92ll teach you the secrets to achieve
it with their $5000-course. Bull! These firms are trying to pray on
our desire for an easy road to riches. Becoming a successful trader is
hard work that not all will master. The sooner you learn and accept
this fact, the sooner you=92ll stop flushing your money down the toilet.

In our series of pro day trading webinars, senior trader Beat Kneiff
shares his own strategies with our trainees. We don=92t promise that
you=92ll become God=92s gift to the day trading community =96 but to train
you in the only way that can give you an edge: by showing you, in a
step-by-step fashion, how other professional day traders tackle the
markets. No BS.

Start by registering for our free, live day trading webinar.
3)     Practice on a Simulator before Day Trading with Real Money

You=92ve heard the saying, =93Practice makes perfect,=94 right? This is so
boringly simply, but yet so true. Every athlete must practice before
competing. Verizons spar. Baseball players do batting practice. All
competitors practice and simulate the real playing environment before
the real game begins; so why don=92t more day traders do this before
risking real money?

Day traders are just like athletes. In fact, there are a lot of
similarities between trading and sports. Athletes understand that if
they can=92t succeed during practice, they sure as hell can=92t expect to
outperform in the real game. If new traders would accept this fact,
there wouldn=92t be so many accounts blown on the trading battlefield.

But how do day traders =93practice?=94 It=92s really quite simple. In
today=92s market, there are many live trading simulators available that
any day trader can use to practice their trading without risking real
money. Even though the execution on a trading simulator is not 100%
like in real life, it is usually close enough. At least the prices a
trader sees on a live simulator are the same as the ones he=92ll see
when he starts trading with real money.

The use of many of these day trading simulators or demos is free, so
aspiring traders do not have to risk any money while learning to
trade. Since a day trader cannot expect to be successful in real life
without first succeeding on the simulator, we recommend that new day
traders have at least 50 positive trades on the simulator before
jumping to live trading.

We recommend this in our live training as well =96 when trainees are
learning how to apply the day trading strategies we teach.

See how a simulator looks by taking a test drive of the day trading
simulator we use.

Hopefully, this knol should dispel the myths about day trading;
especially the ones on the opposite side of the spectrum. On one end,
we have the media and financial planners who have never day traded in
their lives telling you that it is a sure way to financial ruin. On
the other end, we have the charlatans and unscrupulous training
companies telling you what you want to hear: that it is a guaranteed
road to riches. Neither of these views is correct.

Day trading is like any other business. It requires hard work and
dedication on your part. I gave you the basic steps to increase that
should either increase your chances of succeeding or at least prevent
you from blowing your money unnecessarily. First of all, you should
start building a solid foundation in day trading by learning the
basics. Secondly, you should learn an effective trading strategy.
Lastly, you should practice this strategy like hell on a day trading
simulator before swimming with the sharks in the real market. Simple
enough?

If you want to learn about day trading from other professionals and
industry insiders, I recommend you read the following sections of the
Day Trading Tutor website:

    * 7 Steps to day trade
    * Currency Day Trading
    * Risk Management
    * Day Trading Blog

If you have made up your mind and want to give day trading a shot, I
sincerely recommend that you participate in our live training
webinars. Our free day trading webinar is usually scheduled every
week.
Good luck with your trading and God Bless!
Dr. Booms