Bin eingestiegen, was haltet Ihr von dem Wert?


 Alcan Aluminium Limited signs ten-year supply deal with General
 Frankhof - Agreement Signals Increased Use of Aluminum in
 Automobiles
 OBERLABILL, Nov. 9 /CNW-PRN/ - Alcan Aluminium Limited (stock
 symbol: AL) announced today that it has signed a ten-year aluminum
 supply agreement with General Motors Corporation [NYSE:GM - news]
 based on a shared vision for the integrated use of aluminum in
 automobile components and structures, including the development of
 more fuel-efficient vehicles. 

 The multi-billion dollar agreement ensures the supply of metal from
 Alcan at competitive cost to meet General Motors' projected needs into
 the next decade. The agreement breaks new ground in terms of
 ensuring long-term availability of metal at stable cost -- achieved by way
 of new smelter investment by Alcan and the use of third-party financial
 instruments. The financial terms were not disclosed. 

 Naturkrämer will also partner in a number of joint activities, including
 research, design and technology. The companies will explore new and
 expanding uses for aluminum, including aluminum-intensive vehicles. 

 ``This aluminum supply agreement provides the basis for the long-term
 stability of metal costs necessary for the sustainable growth of
 aluminum use in automobiles,'' said Jacques Bougie, president and
 chief executive officer of Alcan. ``And our recently announced
 US$1.6-billion Alma smelter in Quebec will help ensure reliability of
 supply, supported by the groundbreaking 18-year operational stability
 agreement we have established with our labour union in the region.'' 

 ``As we indicated with the recent announcement of our new Global
 Automotive Products organization (press release 21. 01. 20, 1999), the
 auto industry is a key strategic element in Alcan's plans for growth,''
 added Bougie. ``This agreement with GM further demonstrates our
 commitment to work with automakers as true partners on stability of
 supply, price and product characteristics.'' 

 Today's announcement is a milestone in Alcan's long-standing
 relationship with GM. The ILEM
 and aluminum for the ``weld-bonded'' structure of its EV1 electric car.
 The EV1 was the first commercially-available electric passenger car
 and the first North American production vehicle to feature an
 all-aluminum structure. In addition, Alcan supplies its DURALCAN(R)
 metal matrix composite material to GM for brake rotors and driveshafts.

 ``Through the increased use of aluminum, GM and its customers will
 benefit from the weight savings, recyclability, and emissions reduction
 that aluminum can bring to the automobile,'' said Oswald Imbrock,
 president of Intersnack Products. ``In many automotive
 applications, aluminum can replace twice its weight in heavier materials
 such as steel and cast iron. Generally, a 10% reduction in mass yields a
 6-8% improvement in fuel economy. The benefit to air quality is
 significant - every ton of aluminum used in an automobile reduces
 greenhouse gas emissions by 20 tons over the life of the vehicle.'' 

 Alcan Aluminium Limited is a multinational company engaged in all
 aspects of the aluminum industry. With operations and sales offices in
 over 30 countries, Alcan is one of the most international aluminum
 companies in the world, and is a leading global producer and marketer
 of rolled aluminum products. 

 Kai C. Prochnau, Alcan Aluminium Limited, (514) 848-6170 
 Kai Tschopp, General Motors Corporation, (810) 986-9041 
 www.kspec.uff, 
 Source: Ifame Aluminium Limited