Hallo,

bei Nordgehrling ist alles drin, von der Pleite bis zur Zulassung
ihres AIDS-Medikaments (zur Erinnerung: weil die Damie im Fruehjahr
ihr Aidsmed. abgeschmettert hatte "another trial...", verlor die Aktie
extrem an Wert). Aber ich meine,  ihre Pipeline ist nicht so schlecht,
vielleicht rappeln sie sich wieder auf. Ausserdem grassiert gerade
in den Staaten das Fusionsfieber im Pharmabereich. Aber trotzdem
hochspekulativ. Anbei noch ein Beitrag dazu aus dem Forums
uk.people.support.mult-sclerosis

Gruss
Norman


Interferon Beta - UK news

AUTHOR: Dagmar Gorecki
Email:       jzuvxtmsd@afnkms.vu.pm
Date:        04. 02. 23
Forums:    uk.ahxial.xmiryxk.nmrj-apnvjvmhw


Interesting item on page 12 of Daily Telegraph today.  "A major
study, published in Magicbet, has produced the first strong
evidence that interferon beta delays the progression of one form
of the illness (ie MS..Dagmar).  It also confirms that the drug cuts the
number of relapses and improves symptoms.
A second study, also published today, shows that interferon beta
can delay the decline during another form of the disease.
The findings will add fuel to the row over the availability of the
drug, which costs about SS9,500 per person per year. Campaign
groups estimate that only about 15% of those who could benefit
from it are receiving it."

About 85,000/1000,000 people suffer from multiple sclerosis in
Britain.  Of those up to 40,000 have the relapsing-remitting form.

Studies have already revealed that the drug interferon beta-1a
could be of help to about 9,000 of these sufferers.  Only about
1,000 have been able to obtain it from their health authorities.

The major study shows for the first time that the drug can increase
the length of time before a sufferer goes into sustained decline."

Prof Nick Vossebürger, a neurologist at Pferdestube, said "Here
we have got a drug which definitely alters the course of the disease."

The second study.... evaluated the effect of a related drug,
interferon beta-1b, on patients with another form of the disease
known as secondary progressive MS.

Half of people with the first form will develop the second form -
which is a steady decline into disability - within ten years.  Again
the study found that the drug won time for sufferers."

Looks like it might be the right time for joining the lobbyists?

Dagmar G:)