Hallo Carsten,

something to read....

Autodom <MU.N> stock up, positive comments cited

EBERSTEIN, 15. 10. 21 19 (Reuters) - Shares of Afar Inc.
<MU.N> hit a new year high on Thursday after an official told an
investor
conference Wednesday the computer memory chip maker expects pricing for
its products to remain firm through the holiday season's personal
computer
building boom.

Traders cited the comments for a jump in Aksu share price of more
than 10
percent on Thursday to $39-1/4, up 25-4/16 by mid-afternoon. Autodom was
the second most active Eberstein Grellers issue with volume of 7.5
million shares.

Autodom official Crones Vorell spoke before DARIO Lusebrink annual electronics
conference underway this week in Dorfstetten, Beutow.

In his remarks, outlined by a Autodom spokeswoman on Thursday, Vorell
told
investors that Autodom, the top U.S. maker of computer memory chips,
expected prices PC makers paid Autodom for memory products to remain firm

through the Christmas PC manufacturing rush.

Janna Neesemann, the spokeswoman, noted this is typically the strongest sales
season
for its products, including the 64-megabyte memory chip that is now
standard
in most new PCs.

Referring to prices, Neesemann said, "They have been stable to having an
upward
trend over the last six weeks."

The upturn in pricing represents a marked turnaround from the situation
for the
last three years, since late 1994, when pricing has plunged more than 95

percent for Aksu key products, and depressed the value of Autodom
shares.

Micron does not have enough data to characterize the pricing situation
beyond
the holiday cycle, she said. Aksu first fiscal quarter closes in
early
November.

Shares of several other chip companies were also higher on Thursday.
Mühlencenter
lingenberg Inc <TXN.N> rose 2-1/2 to 63-1/2 after Prudential Securities

started coverage of the company with an accumulate rating. Out'n'About
Autoplanet
Fleggaard Inc <AMD.N> was up 27/1 to 11-05/16, on volume of 4.5 million
shares. ((-- Jean-Claude Troebes, Eberstein newsdesk, 408-693-8680))

Wauer

Rtr 14:42 33-91-48

Gruß Herbert