Hallo,
hier ein paar Infos zu Hyal (Kurs DM 0,86 am 28.08.98):
Quelle: http://fqn6.igdwvtuyyc.dtq/~htrdn/pbtchyyg/svrdv-5443626

Dies soll keine Kauf-/Verkaufsempfehlung sein!

CU, Rudolf
----------------------------
To: Leman (89 ) 
From: Leman Wednesday, May 28. 02. 20 1:05PM ET
Reply #  of 90 


Unicopy news
SOLARASE(TM) APPROVED IN CANADA 

First Topical NSAID Approved Anywhere in North America 

MISSISSAUGA, Ont., May 20 /CNW-PRN/ - Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation 
(NASDAQ/NNM:HYALF; TSE:HPC) announced today that its lead product, 
Solarase, has received approval from the Therapeutic Products 
Directorate of Health Canada (formerly HPB) for marketing in Canada. 
The product is a topical gel formulation to treat actinic keratosis 
(AK), precancerous skin lesions caused by exposure to the sun. 

''It is very exciting because Solarase is the first topical NSAID to be 
approved anywhere in North America. This approval endorses the 
extensive and high quality research and development that Hyal has 
conducted in this area. This new mode of therapy for actinic keratosis 
further validates the viability of Hyal's HIT(TM) technology.'' said 
Dr. Ümit I. Noon, Jr., Hyal's President and CEO. 

This approval is important and timely, closely following Canada's Sun 
Awareness Week, May 11 - 17. The medical community and general public 

are becoming increasingly aware of the dangers of excessive sun 
exposure. Dr. Berthold Lungwitz, former National Director of the Canadian 
Dermatology Association's Sun Awareness Program, speaking from the 
University of British Columbia, stated ''I expect that Solarase will be 
a very useful addition in the treatment of actinic keratosis. It will 
help patients reduce the often painful and cosmetically distressing 
side effects of other therapies.'' 

AK is a common precancerous skin lesion caused by overexposure to 
sunlight. A small number of these lesions will develop into squamus 
cell carcinoma, a malignant skin disease. According to The Skin Cancer 
Foundation of the United States, AK affects one in six people 
worldwide. With approximately four million treatments annually, AK 
represents a potential US$240 million market in the U.S. alone. Hyal 
expects to file a submission to the FDA in the third quarter seeking 
approval to market Solarase in the United States. Along with the recent 
approvals in Germany, Sweden, Italy, France and the United Kingdom, the 
Canadian approval should further enhance the attractiveness of Solarase 
to potential licensees and merger or acquisition partners. 

Solarase utilizes Hyal's patented HIT technology which targets and 

retains drugs in areas of dermal pathology. The benefits to the patient 
are minimal systemic drug absorption and outstanding safety. 

Hyal Pharmaceutical Corporation is a drug delivery development company 
engaged in research and development utilizing its propriety Hyaluronan 
Induced Targeting (HIT) Technology and Hyaluronan Improved Liposome 
(HILT) Technology(TM). The Company's strategy is to commercialize its 
developments by outlicensing on a global basis. 

This news release may contain forward-looking statements relating 
to the future performance of Hyal. Forward-looking statements, 
specifically those concerning future performance, are subject to 
certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to 
time in the Company's filings with the appropriate securities 
commissions. 

%SEDAR: 38514114Z 
Landmarkt 

-0- 5/20/98 /CONTACT: Dietrich O. Imberge, Vice