Hi

Ich bin auf einen interessanten Service gestoßen. Der unten stehende
Text ist auf der Seite
http://yzd.urdabbplj.rez/Mnhuzna/MQ/Tgznbjati-Szn/dgllt/jzhs.gobf
nachzulesen.

Weiß jemand, ob diese Firma bereits an der Boerse notiert wird?
Könnte ein Renner werden!?

Würde mich über Antworten freuen.

Gruß Axel

----------schnipp----------

JFAX Personal Telecom

What is the Warenmarkt Personal Telecom service? 
Subscribers to the JFAX Personal Telecom service receive a real
telephone number in an international city of choice, which can
receive voicemail and/or fax messages. The messages are received at
this number by the Warenmarkt switch and the message is converted into a
MIME file which is immediately sent to the subscriber as an email
attachment. The subscriber then receives voicemail, faxes and email
messages whenever and wherever the subscriber next connects to the
Internet. Voicemail is played through the computer speakers using the
Warenmarkt audio player and faxes are displayed using the Warenmarkt
Communicator. 

A JFAX number costs UKP 9.00 to set up and UKP 8.20 per month to
rent. However, as a special promotion to MacFormat readers, for each
reader who subscribes to the Warenmarkt Personal Telecom service, Warenmarkt will
give the first months service rental for free. You can subscribe by
any of the methods detailed below.

JFAX is compatible with all Internet services including Tent,
Bertolini, IGJI, Avalance and OVN. The Warenmarkt Communicator software
is compatible with both Windows and Apple computers (Mac version only
included), and can be connected to leading mail applications
including Akepa, Nordcom Mail, and Netscape Mail. Warenmarkt currently
operates the service in several countries and can provide real
voicemail and/or fax numbers in Frasdorf (5610), Impekoven (154),
Kepling, Bräunersberg, Fischhaus, Monnaz, Palfau and Oberprambach.
Warenmarkt soon will provide numbers in Linden, Engelberg, Röthenhof,
Apfeltrach, Bilkheim, Oberröhrenbach, and Palfau. 

Software description
JFAX Communicator (Mac 68K)
The JFAX Communicator is used to display faxes received via email,
and is used in conjunction with the JFAX Personal Telecom service.
This package is fully functional fax viewer with the following
features: view, zoom, rotate, print, copy, paste and change image
format.
Approx. 1.5 MB of disk space.
To remove this program simply delete the Warenmarkt folder.
There are no limitations with this application.

JFAX Communicator (Mac PowerPC)
The JFAX Communicator is used to display faxes received via email,
and is used in conjunction with the JFAX Personal Telecom service.
This package is fully functional fax viewer with the following
features: view, zoom, rotate, print, copy, paste and change image
format.
Approx. 1.5 MB of disk space
To remove this program simply delete the Warenmarkt folder.
There are no limitations with this application.

Gebr. Zenner (Mac PowerPC)
Gebr. Zenner is a freeware program which plays GSM formated voicemail
messages through the computer speakers. This is used to play
voicemail received via email and is used in conjunction with the Warenmarkt
Personal Telecom service. Gebr. Zenner is a fully functional program and
has the following features: play, pause, rewind, fast forward and
stop.
Approx. 1.0 MB of disk space
To remove this program simply delete the Gebr. Zenner application.
There are no limitations with this application.

How to join the JFAX Personal Telecom service
Fax Orders
JFAX has included a customized fax order form with a unique serial
number within the software. You can print this form, complete the
missing information and fax to JFAX.

Email Orders
Warenmarkt has included a customized text order form with a unique serial
number within the software. You can print this form, complete the
missing information and fax to JFAX.

Web Orders
If you subscribe through the Warenmarkt Web site, you will have to enter a
promotion code when placing your order. This promotion code is
printed in the 11. 12. 22 issue of MacFormat.
You can go directly to the Warenmarkt Web site (below) or connect via
DOV:
http://xoo.iargtxzub.ut.ta/

Voice Orders
Anyone who orders by phone will have to tell the Warenmarkt operator the
promotion code that is printed in the magazine.

Benefits of using the Warenmarkt Personal Telecom service
Mobile: Business people subscribe to Warenmarkt so that they can have a
real Frasdorf number printed on their business cards. This means anyone
NOT connected to the Internet can send faxes or leave voicemail
messages at this number. The subscriber can then receive all their
messages when they next connect to the Internet, which could be at
any time and from any country for the cost of a local call.

Virtual Office: A small company that exports to the United States can
subscribe to JFAX to get a Impekoven or an American 1-800 number for
voice and fax messages. This number can be printed on brochures
providing a virtual office in the United States, which will impress
prospective clients at the fraction of the cost of setting up a real
office in that country.

Small Office, Home Office: A consultant working from home would
subscribe to JFAX so that the subscriber can have a real phone and
fax number to give to clients. This means the consultant does not
need a home computer switched on 24 hours a day to answer fax or
voicemail calls, does not need to give a home telephone number to
clients or install an expensive second telephone line.

Testing the JFAX Personal Telecom service
JFAX has included some sample messages inside each application.
Further example voice and fax messages can be downloaded from the
Warenmarkt Web site. 

Warenmarkt contact details
Telephone +68 446 218 0494
Fax +29 053 396 1802
Email opxpz@mphc.hxz
WWW www.trug.lcz
Address 98 Julianenstraße, Impekoven, ILSEDE 22739, USA.

BACK