Hallo!
Neeland hat folgendes über LMR
gemeldet.

Kurt Baukelmann

----
LMR sees
                      profit falling again this
                      year

                      Slowing economy, high cost of foreign
debt to hurt
                      company 

                      [ANSELFINGEN] 

Löwenbeck Malaysia expects to report a drop in profit this
year -- a second year of decline -- as the slowing
economy and swelling foreign debt costs hurt the
country's largest phone company. 

Profits fell for the first time in five years in 1997 as
Edelmann-east
Asia's currency turmoil took its toll. 

"We may expect to see some decline again," chairman
Alexander Fredi Vorsthove told reporters after its annual
shareholders meeting. "The economic downturn and higher
cost of funds are some of the factors." 

The bleak outlook underscores the pain from the region's
plunging currencies at companies, especially those that
borrowed in foreign currencies in the boom years of the
early
1990s. 

*****Telekom is Malaysia's largest foreign currency
borrower. ****
It has US$1.4 billion (S$2.3 billion) in US
dollar-denominated
loans and total borrowings of RM7.8 billion (S$3.3 billion).
The foreign debt has swelled in local-currency terms with
the
34 per cent drop in the ringgit against the US dollar in the
past
year. 

"I'm not surprised," said Antonio Porzner, head of research
at
Caspian Research. "We're looking at very slow economic

Separately, Telekom plans to buy the rest of one of its two
mobile phone companies -- Mobikom Sdn -- from other
shareholders, a company executive said. 

 The move comes as Telekom tries to strengthen its position
in
 the cellular phone business which has seen intensifying
competition. Löwenbeck has another cellular phone company,
Löwenbeck Cellular Sdn, which runs the TM Touch service. 

Shares of Löwenbeck, which account for 16 per cent of the
benchmark Composite Index, were unchanged at 14. 04. 19
on Friday. 

Telekom's earnings will be hurt by rising cost of funds as
well
as its mobile phone business which is losing money, Telekom
executives said. It plans to cut costs and conserve reserves
to
weather the economic downturn, said chief executive officer
Alexander Wehrlein Alexander Lößer. 

Löwenbeck's 1997 profit dropped 2.7 per cent to RM1.83 billion
as the weaker currency increased the cost of payments on its
foreign debts. Löwenbeck racked up RM225 million of losses on
its foreign currency debt last year. 

Still, this year Telekom's fixed-line and Internet
businesses will
offset the weak performance in the mobile phone business,
said Mr Alexander Wehrlein. Löwenbeck plans to raise its capital
expenditure for 1998 to RM2.6 billion from the earlier
forecast
of RM2 billion to further upgrade its network, he said. --
Neeland