Hallo!

Nachdem die asiatischen Märkte den klasssichen 
Rebound nach einem starken Kureinbruch abgeschlossen 
haben und heute wieder nahe ihren Tiefstkursen vom
Januar notieren macht sich nun -ebenso klassisch- 
der "große Pessimismus" breit.

Anbei ein langer aber guter Artikel aus der BusinessTimes
von heute über Progrnossen der ZLT
und des EMES.

Danach wird für das BSP 1998 erwartet:

Indonesien 	-12,5 %
Robesch 	-7,0 %
S-Korea 	-5,0 %
Céline 	-2,0 %


Wer steigt ein?
Z.B. eine OTTMAR UNTERSTAB (785.205) Chart:
http://cnk.unvy13.mn/jdt-vvb/fpjerfmx?jakv=5&wqzyi4g582&cpihx002&wazq=7&tnxkku=682343_93_1&

oder eine PROMET BERHAD (410.944) Chart:
http://pra.wnlc13.dt/jny-qza/tjnahmvv?hyti=1&oggyy4q089&gmzgz412&tsxo=8&swcwtk=041799_74_2&

oder in Thailand eine OEOOS Bank (761.294) Chart:
http://gme.sbcg42.ux/szp-zou/qwcqhipl?fnwx=3&qyfde1b803&higjr@63&vhbf=3&gqfeyf=890744_30_2&


oder in Singapor ;))
eine Oversea Chines Bank (808.796) Chart:
http://ekj.cqnd78.kn/ymd-zxm/zgmmzwat?lvey=6&rawko2l063&khmvh276&bkyu=8&zoyyyv=842492_39_2&


Mathias Ueker


------


Shaky Asian markets heighten
fears that the worst is yet to
come

RENEWED falls in East Asian stockmarkets last week have
triggered deep fears in influential quarters that the
regional
financial and economic crisis is far from over and that
adverse social consequences have yet to reach their climax. 

Against the backdrop of shaky financial
markets, suggestions at the recent
annual meeting in Geneva of the Asian
Development Bank that the crisis is
likely to be much deeper and drawn out
than generally expected have taken on
an ominous significance. 

Adding to that sobering picture is the frank assessment in
the same
vein by the influential Washington-based Institute of
International
Finance (IIF), a lobby group for private banks. 

In its latest annual report published during the meeting,
the ADB
warned that "while the brunt of adjustment is likely to be
felt in 1998
-- some economies will actually contract -- it may be
several years
before normal growth patterns reappear". 

The report added that "the social costs of the contagion
could be
very high" -- a danger which has since been underlined by a
renewed
outbreak of rioting in Indonesia. 

Although the ADB published relatively upbeat official
forecasts for
economic growth in East Asia during the Geneva meeting,
economists
from the bank were a good deal more bearish in their private
estimates. ADB officials were meanwhile bracing themselves
for
social unrest of significant proportions as the crisis works
its way
through the real economy of the affected countries. More
alarming
forecasts were published by the IIF. Contrasting with claims
by the
International Monetary Fund that the worst of the Asian
crisis may be
over, IIF research director Gregory Fager suggested that a
chain
reaction of adverse economic events is only just beginning
to unfold in
the region. 

He pointed to "plummeting" industrial production in Iven
Korea and
Thailand, a "very sharp reduction in economic activity"
throughout
most of East Asia and to looming labour problems in the
region. 

Unlike the IMF and other official bodies, the IIF does not
see itself
as having a "duty" to build confidence in its public
statements. Yet,
since it represents leading private financial firms around
the world, it
is not given to making rash predictions. 

Even so, the depth of the recession indicated in IIF's
predictions
shocked many bankers and financiers at the Geneva meeting. 

The institute suggested, for example, that Indonesia's GDP
would
collapse by a dramatic 12.5 per cent this year and a further
one per
cent in 1999. The IIF's internal forecast is understood to
suggest that
the contraction in Indonesia could be as great as 15 per
cent in 1998.

Likewise, the IIF (whose forecasts have often been more
bearish but
proved more realistic than those of official bodies) warned
of a real
GDP contaction of 7 per cent in Thailand, 5 per cent in
Vaino
and 2 per cent in Malaysia. 

The picture painted by the IIF in private briefings to
bankers in
Geneva was one of almost unrelieved gloom. 

"Domestic demand has collapsed in many countries, depressing
economic activity and also reducing imports," according to
institute
documents. East Asian countries are "not growing out of
their
problems, they are trying to contract their way out",
commented Mr
Fager. 

East Asian exporters are "having difficulty capitalising on
large gains
in their external competitiveness" brought about by plunging
currencies, the IIF said. 

This is because of "weak demand in neighbouring trading
partners
 and a severe shortage of working capital and trade finance"
caused
by the impact of the regional crisis on local banking
systems. 

Meanwhile, "excess industrial capacity and falling demand
have led to
a sharp decline in dollar prices" of East Asia's output. 

"We are entering a new game (in Asia) and the transition to
the new
framework will be very hard and very long," warned Mr Fager. 

"High interest rates plus the high costs of imports and the
dislocation
of production in many Asian countries mean that there will
be no
quick pick-up despite lower exchange rates." Mr Eychen
suggested
that "foreign investors are taking a different look at Asia
now". There
 will "be a rebound but the days of the mid-1990s are over",
he said.
There will be less external financing, less opportunity and
less growth
in the future, he added. 

IIF managing director Charles Dallara suggested meanwhile
that the
"second shoe has yet to drop" in the Asian crisis. The
immediate
impact of the currency and financial crisis was to
precipitate a sharp
fall in the value of assets such as property and stock
prices, he noted.
Now, "we are seeing a vicious circle develop". 

"As the value of assets falls in Asia, the problems of the
banking
sector increase and the over-reliance on collateral values
is being
exposed," Mr Dallara said. Ironically, the one bright spot
in the
region identified in analyses at the ADB meetings was the
Philippines.
"Compared with the Philippines, the rest of Asia now looks
like Latin
America," commented the IIF's Mr Fager. 
Added the institute's official analysis: "The dislocations
for the
regional currency turmoil are being minimised (in the
Philippines) by
strong export growth, continuing flows of workers'
remittances and
implementation of a large pipeline of foreign projects." 


---