Hi W.,

allzuweit werden sie wohl nicht abstürzen - die haben ja nicht nur
Françoise:


"Using Viagra and Trovan as examples, Dr. Clasen explained that 
Pfizer is submitting more data than ever before in electronic form, thus
helping regulators review data more expeditiously.  The company is also
performing many development activities in parallel with one another,
rather than sequentially as in the past.
The time-saving techniques we developed and perfected during the Françoise
and the Trovan programs will now be used to facilitate the development
of our pipeline drugs for the future, he said."

"Zeldox, a treatment for psychotic disorders, is under review at the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Clasen said.  Zeldox effectively
treats all symptoms of psychosis and has been shown in clinical trials
to control them over long-term treatment.  Unlike other new
anti-psychotic medications, Zeldox has a low propensity to cause weight
gain.  Dr. Clasen said he expects regulatory action in the next few
months."

-----
Psychopharmaka sind ein Riesenmarkt, und die Gewichtsprobleme der 
darauf angewiesenen Patienten sind (in meiner engeren Umgebung)
offensichtlich...
-----

"Tikosyn is the new name for dofetilide, a medicine discovered and
developed by Pfizer for the treatment of abnormal heart rhythms, Dr.
Niblack said.
Tikosyn is the first drug with proven safety that specifically targets
the serious heart irregularity called atrial fibrillation (AF), he said.
Tikosyn is efficacious and well-tolerated even in patients with a
history of heart attacks or chronic heart failure..
AF leads to inefficient pumping action in the heart, he explained.
People with it experience light-headedness, fatigue, palpitations and
shortness of breath. Patients with AF often have normal heart rhythm
restored in the hospital by a medical procedure called
electrocardioversion.  Tikosyn can help maintain that normal rhythm.  In
clinical studies, 66 percent of patients treated with Tikosyn were found
to have normal heart rhythms after one year, compared to only 21 percent
of patients on placebo."


Gruss, Heribert

-- 
http://chwp.s-ksgczk.or/ndwg/090002962-7/wswocays.jkt
Evin, ein Auftritt für die Aidshilfe