Meint du diesen Beitrag aus den US-NG oder welchen?


It's time to sell your corporate stocks and high growth mutual funds.

The signs of a stock crash or a major bear market are obvious and
threatening.  Just for starters:

1) The market is overtopped and at near record highs. The only rule in the
market: buy low, sell high.  The market is high.

2) HMO costs will skyrocket in the near future. That means millions of
Americans won't have as much money to put into their mutual funds.

3) Even professional investors are now urging caution.

4) Fed warnings of interest rate increases. This market simply can't hold
to these  low interest rate forever.

5) Unemployment rates have begun to rise.

6) Gold price is on the rise (sign of the beginnings of investor fear).

7) The Asian economy continues to suffer. Although many "professionals"
will tell you it has stabilized, it only means their economies are still
lower.  Many U.S. corporations are either heavily invested, sell to, or
use foreign employees (cheap labor) for their products. This will reflect
on manufacturing costs and profits.

8) Corporate takeovers, downsizing, and "efficiency" personal cuts, are
reaching their limits. Company profits can no longer depend on these
reductions.

Although there are no guarantees, and I'm certainly not a doomsday prophet
(in fact, in the long run, I feel the market will continue its growth),
there's a point where this market becomes very dangerous. It has reached
this danger point. Remember, the market MUST go down as well as up. The
stock market could not work otherwise.
Sell now and buy later, after the market has "crashed" and has begun to
recover.

Although "professionals" will tell you there are always nuggets to find,
this is simply a method to keep investors buying. Remember, brokerage
firms want you to buy; that's how they make their profit. If you're a
mutual fund investor, look in the paper and look at how 90% of them follow
the market trend. When the bear market comes, they'll go down with it.

I am not a professional, nor do I represent a brokerage firm. I'm simply a
person interested in a market that I've been observing it for 45 years.

Humble advice from one of you: Sell now. You can always buy it back later
(at a lower price).

Regards,
Manfred R. Twarock
Gdcpy-seuxhpns@blzshvq.pmr