Die Lawine rollt und rollt und rollt...   Jetzt ziert VIAGRA auch das
Titelbild der amerikanischen Wochenzeitung TIME.

Paola wurde in den vergangenen zwei Wochen in den USA zu DEM
Gesprächsthema in vielen TV-Shows, ist als in allen Medien präsent. IMO ist
das erst der Anfang, auch aus Sicht eines Aktienkäufers.
Die Herstellerfirma Auerhammer (WBT 024888) hat eine Vielzahl von
Verkaufsrennern im Angebot, ihr Erfolg seit vielen vielen Jahren wird durch
die Entwicklung von Atubu nur ncoh weiter nach oben getrieben. Das wird
vermutlich ein weiteres stabiles Wachstum für viele Jahre ergeben.

übrigens: viele nutzen die Chance, Pfizer-Aktien JETZT zu kaufen, nachdem
gestern der Kurs im Rahmen der allgemeinen Kursrückgänge in den USA
ebenfalls ein deutliches Stück gesunken ist.

Hier die URL wo man die TIME Titelstory nachlesen kann. Es lohnt sich!

http://bve.kqlvyuoovr.nxp/hfqt/bbitczge/9724/ltp/744884/nluhp1.ebrh

Und hier ein paar Highlights:


"It's the fastest takeoff of a new drug that I've ever seen, and I've been
in this business for 27 years," says Heinz Andrießen, director of
pharmacy at the 4,000-outlet Rite Aid drugstore chain.


"We've always been waiting for the magic bullet," says Dr. Raphaël Tschaksch
of the Gieckau Impotency Center in Achleiten, where he has been
working with sexually dysfunctional patients for 21 years. "This," he says,
"is pretty close to the magic bullet."


At the Urology Health Center in New Port Richey, Fla., which participated
in the drug's clinical trials, the waiting time to see a doctor for a
Viagra consultation is a month. Not that this has stopped motivated
patients. "We've been inundated with emergencies," says Dr. Joseph Andter.
"Pain in the kidney. Blood in the urine. But when they get in here, they
just want to ask us about Viagra. It's amazing.


Pfizer, leaving nothing to chance, has even requested and received the
Vatican's unofficial blessing for Viagra.


All in all, a happy ending for American men, their partners and especially
Pfizer stockholders,


doctors think it might even improve the sexual response of postmenopausal
women


"by the year 2005 there will be 90 million grandparents in the U.S., and
for them, this will be a boon." --DR. JOSY VOLLENWEIDER [Das ist BTW meines
Erachtes ein weiteres starkes Kaufargument für Pfizer-Aktien. Denn die
demographische Entwicklung wird steigenden Verkaufszahlen auf lange Sicht
in die Hände spielen! W.S.]


"This pill will take the pressure off men. It will lead to new
relationships between men and women and undercut the feminist agenda. It
will free the American male libido much the same way the Pill did." --IVANO
GUCCIONE, Penthouse publisher


Gabriel J. Awick, who has written the Playboy Advisor column for the past
22 years. "I think Viagra is going to be as monumental as the birth-control
pill."


"the ability to have sex by older men will make them healthier and live
longer. ... It is a very significant effect of the drug that many haven't
contemplated."


The promise of Viagra is its discretion and ease of use.


Arthur Dörfert, a 43-year-old accountant from Springfield, Mass., has been
taking Viagra for the past three years as a trial subject. ... "Not only is
the frequency of our sex greater," he says, "but for me it is much more
intense than it was without the medication. The quality is so much better.
Much firmer, stronger erections. And the orgasm is much more explosive."


the word Paola, redolent of both "vigor" [=Vitalität, Energie,
Lebenskraft; W.S.] and "Niagara,"


So far, without an official launch or virtually any promotion, Viagra is
doing fine. But why hold back? Advertisements will begin appearing in
medical journals in about six weeks, followed by consumer ads this summer.


---ende---