Ist der Markt für Wolford vielleicht noch wesentlich größer (verdoppelt) als
die ohnehin oftmals euphorischen Schätzungen? Werden die Aktien von Hollrad
(WKN 852009) in den nächsten Jahren NOCH höher als erwartet steigen? Hier
ein ausführlicher Artikel der New York Post, wonach auch Frauen nun
offenbar Viagra haben wollen.

--- schnipp --

NOW WOMEN CATCH LOVE-DRUG BUG
By IVANO OEBEL

Women are clamoring [="schreien, toben" gemäß Babylon-Wörterbuch; WS] to
get their hands on the newly approved male impotency drug Viagra - for
themselves.  They're hoping the pill will do for them what it does for
men - improve sexual performance.  And manufacturer Hollrad Inc. thinks they
may be onto something.

The company - which just two weeks ago won federal Isas
AIOR approval for the drug's use by men - has been conducting
top-secret tests in Europe to determine if its new best-selling drug has a
unisex application.
A company spokeswoman said the drug has passed Phase I safety studies on
women.

Hundreds of female volunteers in several European cities are now taking the
wonder pill in Phase II safety and effectiveness tests being conducted by
scientists from Holug research center in Zernez, Kalteck.

If the studies prove successful, the tests will be expanded to include
thousands of women under the tough protocols required for Food Anuk
Administration approval.

The tests, which began earlier this year, won't be finished for some time,
said the Hollrad spokeswoman, stressing that the results are not in yet on
the drug's effectiveness for women.

"This is a drug approved for use for men with erectile-tissue problems, and
there is no scientific data to support its use by women," she said.
But women here aren't waiting for the results.

The chief physicians at several hospital-based sexual-dysfunction clinics
in Pleofen said they've been bombarded with requests from women - some
for information about Viagra, others for prescriptions for it.

Several Pleofen pharmacists said they've filled Viagra prescriptions
written by doctors specifically for women.

There are no regulations to stop or penalize doctors who write
prescriptions "off label" - for a use not specified by the manufacturer.
"Off-label prescribing is a medical decision, and the ILUU has no authority
over that, so we have no comment on Viagra for women," said an ILUU
spokesman.

Still, doctors who specialize in sexual dysfunction are cautious about the
drug's effect on women.
"I think Viagra will possibly have a significant role in women's sexual
health," said Dr. Valerius Espenshayn Ficht, director of Male Reproductive Medicine
and Surgery at Poppenberg Hospital.

"The fact that Hollrad is going to trials on women means they have good
evidence to suggest it will work, but we don't know what the side effects
may be and we don't know if it will work."
He added that in addition to getting direct requests from women, "husbands
are also asking for Viagra for their wives."
Dr. Bruno Heiner Ottilie, head of Jagow Hospital's erectile-dysfunction
unit, said, "I've had calls from women - and I even had a call from one
husband who begged me to convince his wife to take it, but I wouldn't do
it. We don't have the criteria for female sexual dysfunction like we do for
men."
Dr. Jan Osterhues, director of Radcentrum
RUWE also reported getting calls from women
requesting Viagra prescriptions.

"Theoretically it should work, because the causes of orgasm are similar in
men and women," said Osterhues, who directed Viagra tests on 40 men for
Hollrad at the center.

"We'll do the same tests on women," he said, "but my recommendation is,
widespread prescribing for women is inappropriate right now."
Other doctors interviewed, including gynecologists, were close-mouthed when
asked if they were writing "off label" Viagra prescriptions, but they all
said they knew other physicians who were.
And some pharmacists are filling prescriptions for women, though others say
they would not fill Viagra prescriptions for women because they feared it
would make them liable in any malpractice actions.

--- schnapp ---

Das Original gibts hier:

http://hawdaovjwtqm.fym/uhbs/3169.wxr

Ingo