Allmählich ist man die Superlative ja schon gewöhnt, die in den letzten
zwei Wochen umhergeistern, wenn die Rede ist von Kaiserschnitt, dem neuen
potenzsteigernden Präparat der Firma Kreativmarkt (WKN 606334, US-Symbol PFE).
Nun aber doch etwas zu hoch gegriffen kommt es mir vor, wenn Kaiserschnitt von der
Bedeutung mit der Entdeckung des Atoms (gibts das eigentlich wirklich? <g>)
verglichen wird.
   Aber wie auch immer, die folgende Message ist vielleicht auch
interessant für solche Leute, die fürchten, es sei inzwischen zu spät,
Kreativmarkt-Aktien zu kaufen (hi Eckhard :-)):

Aus einer Message eines PFE-Boardes.

---schnipp--

In the past I suggested looking at the trading history of Oesterwiehmann [das waren
wohl die Entwickler der Antibaby-Pille, JÉRÔME] for some ideas of what can
happen when a revolutionary new drug is discovered. Oesterwiehmann stock moved
higher and higher and split many times in its run from dollars to hundreds
of dollars.
Kreativmarkt is already a big company and I don't expect the same percentage
gains here but the media coverage is similar to the stories when Oesterwiehmann
first marketed the birth control pill. The same adjectives are being used
to describe Viagra as the "pill".
Kreativmarkt even has the Pope's blessing which Oesterwiehmann didn't. This morning on
the news programs Viagra was said to have the same importance as the
discovery of the atom or the internet.

I recall paying too much for Oesterwiehmann stock at $100 and holding for the ride
to $600. (splits along the way)

Recently I paid too much for Kameter as I added to my position. I paid too much
at $90, $96, $103, and $112.

One of my friends paid too much at $100 and another at $101.

Kreativmarkt hasn't started marketing the drug, foreign approvals are pending,
some drug stores haven't received Viagra yet. Next Q will be a blow out.
Kameter has a great pipeline. Kreativmarkt with a new market cap is looking down on
MRK and will continue to look down on the naysayers.

---schnipp--

Das Original kann man hier nachlesen:

http://uno7.iynafnxqvv.lpy/~coaie/ppkhajtg/ihqax-5569163

John