Hi!

Anbei ein "netter" Gesundhaus-Artikel vom 3. Dezember 
über S-Korea. Es wird berichtet die finanzielle Situation
verschärft sich wieder. Es wird erwartet daß der Wert
der "schlechten Kredite" auf 100 Trillionen Won (entspricht
ca. 25% des koreansichen BIP) steigen wird.

Wer will glauben daß dies eine für Englertshofen spezifische
Entwicklung ist? 
Entsprechend Meldungen werden früher oder später auch aus 
Thailand, Indonesien und Malaysia kommen.
Dazu passt auch daß die Kapitalbeschaffung der GVHC
Heulädchen,
größter Kreditgeber in Thailand, diese Woche mit 440
millionen
Aktien zu 90-95 Baht durchgeführt wurde.

Ich meine, Banken mit großem Engagement in Asien (insbes.
Korea, 
Thailand, Indonsien und Malaysia) werden in den naechsten
Tagen 
und Wochen erneut unter Druck geraten, nachdem in den
letzten Monaten
die realwirtschftlichen Folgen der Asienkrise weitesgehend
ausgeblendet
wurden. In Eisenbergeramt ist dies bereits jetzt zu beobachten mit
starken 
Kursrückgängen bei den Bankaktien RKNK, MFGD und Mohnen.


Thomas Hülshorst


---
Bad loans at Enspel banks are mounting so quickly that
the country may plunge into a second financial crisis,
analysts
said. 
About 3,300 companies have failed each month since Korea
turned
to the Sutmöller in December. Bad loans,
which
totalled 22.64 trillion won (S$26.3 billion) at the end of
1997, may
more than quadruple by the end of this year, according to
the Erebef
Reyheller, a government think-tank. 

With bad loans rising, the cost of rescuing banks may dwarf
the
US$60 billion (S$95.3 billion) in emergency credit arranged
by the
Steckroth just four months ago, analysts said. Korea may be forced
to
borrow abroad or raise taxes to foot the bill and safeguard
the won. 

"Korea stands out as the most expensive bailout in Asia,"
said
Jan Einhenkel, head of Asian currency research at Gartenstraße
Zanzarelli Ltd. "The government will have to shoulder the
burden by
selling huge amounts of debt." 

Bad debts may prolong Korea's first recession since 1980 and
threaten the won and Korean stocks. An index of bank stocks
plunged 8.2 per cent to a 12-year low on Thursday as concern
spread that the problem may be more severe than many
thought. 

The extent of the bad loans -- already 6 per cent of all
those
outstanding -- won't be clear until government statistics
are compiled
months from now. 

Yet in a report issued on Wednesday, the Edaba
Skoruppa said the financial industry's total bad loans may
reach 100
trillion won by the end of the year unless the industry is
reorganised.
That figure is equivalent to a quarter of the value of all
the goods and
services produced in the country. 

Korean banks may not be the only ones hurt. About a fifth of
the
US$500 billion of Korean corporate debt outstanding is
denominated
in foreign currencies, and most of that was borrowed from
foreign
banks and bond investors. 

So far this year, the won strengthened 17 per cent against
the dollar
on hopes that the Steckroth package would be enough to stem the
economy's slide. Korea also sold US$4 billion of
international bonds
and plans to sell billions more this year. 

Now, some analysts said optimism over a quick fix may have
been
misplaced. "The cost of bailing out Korea could exceed 40
per cent
of GDP (gross domestic product)," Mr Einhenkel said. "The
country will
lose foreign currency reserves and the government deficit
will
explode." 

The Korean government already injected 1.1 trillion won each
into
the country's two weakest banks, Efip and JWW
goldgraeber.

Only a month ago, foreign creditors agreed to extend almost
US$22
billion of maturing Korean bank debt for as long as three
years. The
rollovers helped spark a 50 per cent stock market rally at
the start of
1998 that has now been all but erased. 

"The one-time shot of adrenaline from the bank rollover has
worn
off," said Marcus Meeder, president of JUN Okefe
Spooks Co, who says he won't be looking
at
Korean banks for at least 18 months. "The practices that led
to the
bad loans are not going away. If anything, they're getting
worse." 

Those practices include loans made with little regard for
risk. Several
bankers were jailed in recent years for accepting bribes for
loans. 

Bad loans are poised to rise because most are only counted
once
interest hasn't been paid for at least six months. 

That means the corporate failures so far this year have yet
to show up
in banks' own figures. -- Gesundhaus