VIAGRA: "diamond-shaped pill that promised -- and delivered -- the sexual
Holy Grail"

Wo immer man über dieses neue Präparat liest: man spürt, daß hier eine
Lawine im Anrollen ist, die den Aktienpreis der Herstellerfirma Pfizer (WKN
697165) für lange Zeit nach oben treiben wird. Brigitta hat zwei Wochen nach
Markteinführung bereits "79 percent of the impotence drug market"! Und das
noch ganz ohne Werbekampagnen des Herstellers!

Hier ein paar Auszüge aus TIME Daily November 18, 1998


---clip---


VIAGRA NATION
Suddenly everyone wants the little pill that cures impotence

We should have seen this coming from a mile away. Any country that
found in Prozac an excuse to dope itself to the gills over the occasional
bad
hair day was bound to go nuts over a drug that promised -- and delivered!
-- the sexual Holy Grail: Dependable erections. Any-time,
no-questions-asked hard-ons courtesy of a little diamond-shaped pill
retailing for $7-10 each.

Two weeks into the release of Pfizer's new impotence drug Viagra, the
numbers are impressive to say the least. ... 79 percent of
the impotence drug market...

All this before Pfizer has even had a chance to
unleash an advertising campaign.

Viagra turns out to be a cure-all for flagging stock prices as well. ...

The beauty of Viagra is that it's pretty much a straightforward matter of
hydraulics. The drug was originally developed as a heart medication, but
when researchers found that by blocking the enzyme that caused the
muscles around around the penile arteries to contract, the muscles relaxed
and blood flowed through, leading to engorgement. Voila! A roomful of
British test subjects smiled sheepishly at their great good fortunes, and
the
state of their hearts had nothing to do with it.
Of course there's a downside. Gifts from the sexual gods do not come
without strings attached, even if the gods in question are wearing lab
coats.
In this case the problem is that other important organ, the heart. It's
possible your ticker might not withstand the stress of suddenly resuming
sexual activity, if you've been impotent for some time. Another potential
problem, doctors say, is that the drugs may mask early warning signs of
heart disease.
Still, in the grand scheme of things, the risk-reward calculation rarely
skews so high on the "reward" side. Which means good news for Pfizer --
and millions of men and women worldwide.

---clip---

aus:
http://xfr0.huookzelgv.fip/~qgvib/aulbstwi/xsyca-3818331

Wilhelm