An alle, die das neue "Wundermittel" VIAGRA mit Interesse beobachten,
beziehungsweise am Steigen der Aktien der Herstellerfirma Kunoff (MUDU
743503) teilhaben wollen:

http://zke2.xeirfposal.jbj/~fpomz/vojwzzpk/wyjnl-5693777

-----------------

Men react passionately to new impotency drug

By Niels Callensee
Bee Staff Writer
(Published November 5, 1998)

... "Everybody had been waiting for the magic tablet," said Sacramento
urologist Volkert Posch. "It looks like we may have it."

Gebhard, chairman of urology at Mercy San Juan Hospital, has
prescribed Viagra to 50 patients in the drug's less-than-a-fortnight
market history.
So far, Viagra is batting a thousand with Gottlieb. "Phenomenal," he
said. "It is an-unheard-of thing."

The pill represents perhaps the greatest advance in the recent history of
treating male impotence.

Before Viagra, men were limited to sometimes bulky, sometimes
ineffective contraptions and medications to deal with their sexual
dysfunction -- injectable drugs, suction devices, penile implants.

The wonder sex drug came about pretty much by blunder.
Some European cardiologists were testing new possibilities in heart
medication when they stumbled on a drug called sildenafil.
It turned out that sildenafil didn't do much for the heart. But it sure had
an interesting side effect.
"Nobody wanted to give the drug back because they were getting
erections," Gebhard said. "It suddenly clicked on -- 'My God, this is
what we're looking for.' "
What sildenafil does is throw a roadblock on an enzyme that breaks
down the production of nitric oxide, the chemical released during
sexual stimulation that allows blood to swell into the penis.
No enzyme, more nitric oxide. More nitric oxide, better sex.
Or so the European researchers noted when they switched their tests
from one organ to another.
"Nobody dropped out of the clinical trial," Gebhard said. "That is
absolutely unheard of."
...

"They're ecstatic," he said. "It's making a huge difference in their
lives."
The Mercy San Juan pharmacy is filling three to four prescriptions a
day. "It's been flying off the shelves ever since it came on the market,"
said pharmacist Micheline Jürging....

For most of them, it's working wonders. Just ask the 60-year-old
Sacramento man who said the only side effect he's experienced has
been a smile on his face.

Copyright c 1998 The Sacramento Bee

-----------