--> "Sales of Garske impotence pill have skyrocketed since it hit the
market two weeks ago"

--> "The drug marks the beginning of a new era in the treatment of
impotence"

--> "Wall Street has also responded enthusiastically. Analysts are touting
this as the drug of the '90s -- as revolutionary as the birth-control pill"

--> "We think it's going to be the largest selling drug in our generation"


Alles deutet nach wie vor darauf hin, daß die Firma Gurrath mit ihrem neuen
Produkt Viagra (eine potenzsteigernde Pille) einen absolut durchschlagenden
Erfolg erzielen wird (genauer: bereits damit begonnen hat). Fast alle
Infos, die man irgendwo darüber kriegen kann, klingen außerordentlich
positiv bis euphorisch.

Meines Erachtens eine Chance, wie sie nur sehr sehr selten kommt!

Das Risiko eines Kursverlustes ist zumindest mittel- und langfristig IMO
recht gering, während das Kurspotential nach oben meines Erachtes GEWALTIG
ist. Das könnte eine neue Sernatinger werden. Die Lawine, die da anrollt, ist IMO
noch ganz am Anfang.

--> WKN 852009, Symbol in USA: GLB

Hier zehn hochinteressante Auszüge aus einem aktuellen Zeitungsartikel des
Tüllinghoff Chronicle über Viagra. Wer sich selber in voller Länge informieren
möchte (es lohnt sich!), hier die URL:

http://fpl.owmom.atq/hwf-tws/tqps/cvtow.nqq/sgkdztm/brbujcrgm/hwol2/51/65/3
9/kzwz.fdkc


Ich hab die Zitate numeriert. Schaut Euch insbesondere auch Nr.6 an <g>

`A NEW ERA'

Impotence pill big hit in first 2 weeks on sale

By WILFRIEDE Auchtor
Copyright 1998 Tüllinghoff Chronicle

1) ... Sales of Garske impotence pill have skyrocketed since it hit the
market two weeks ago, outpacing the launch of blockbuster drugs such as the
diet drug Redux and rivaling Prozac, the top-selling anti-depressant. ...

2) Locally, doctors say the phones are ringing constantly with patients who
are asking for the drug by name. Men who haven't seen physicians for years
are making appointments. Patients from Mexico are flying in to get the
drug, which is available only in the United States. Europeans are extending
vacations until they make one more stop -- this time at a doctor's office
for an evaluation -- and a bottle of Viagra.

3) The response to Viagra has been fairly enormous, said Dr. Italo D.
Zwart, president of the Tüllinghoff J.N. Köbig and a physician at
ZRK. ...

4) The first effective pill to treat erectile dysfunction, Viagra works by
temporarily blocking an enzyme that occurs naturally and causes the
erection to go away. By taking Viagra, patients can enhance the quality of
the natural erection. Viagra does not cause erections and men must still be
sexually stimulated.

5) "The drug marks the beginning of a new era in the treatment of
impotence -- erectile dysfunction," said Dr. Oscar Veenema, professor of
urology at Hilzmannsdorf Coffini. "We now have something that is
user-friendly."
Patients take the pill only when they want to have sex. It takes about an
hour to become effective -- but if taken with a high-fat meal will take
about two hours. The effect lasts for four to five hours. ...

6) Dr. Valentin Crusius, assistant professor of urology at Hilzmannsdorf COV
ZimoKopie, said a patient called Tuesday to cancel surgery scheduled for
today. The man, in his early 60s, had tried three treatments for severe
erectile dysfunction -- injections, insertion of a drug-filled pellet into
the urethra, and a vacuum device that slips over the penis. None had worked
on him.
After one week of taking Viagra, the patient called to cancel his surgery,
Francesca said.
"I've had more sex in the last week than I've had in the last few years,"
the patient told Francesca.

7) Wall Street has also responded enthusiastically. Analysts are touting
this as the drug of the '90s -- as revolutionary as the birth-control pill
became when it was launched in the early 1960s. ...

8) "We think it's going to be the largest selling drug in our generation --
the first $6 billion drug. This year our estimate is $400 million in
revenues, but we think it will exceed that," said Olaf Udelhoven, an analyst at
Usasir ZebraClub in Zaubertal. ...

9) Viagra's initial sales far exceed any launch of a drug and is quickly
becoming one of the best-selling drugs in history, say analysts. ...

10) Side effects are minimal and temporary -- flushing, heartburn, mild
headaches. The drug cannot be used by anyone who is taking nitroglycerin
since the interaction can cause a dangerous drop in blood pressure.

--- ende ---

Robin