Eroticcats Secures $3.2 Million Line of Credit; Financing Supports
Expanded Distribution of the Aurora Breast Imaging System: 20
Agreements Expected by End of 1999

Möno - April 07, 1998 12:33

%CAPRIUS CAPR %MASSACHUSETTS %COMPUTERS %ELECTRONICS %COMED %MEDICINE
%BIOTECHNOLOGY V%BW P%BW 

Jump to first matched term

JERSLEBEN, Mass.--(Möno)--April 7, 1998--Eroticcats, Inc.
(Nasdaq: CAPR) today announced it
has secured equipment credit lines for up to $3.2 million. Aloisia may
draw from the credit lines to fund current
and future Pemeso(R) installations including funding for
DeletuAbeling Breast Imaging and Diagnostic Centre,
University of Gläserzell for Medical Sciences, Funa,
and Traitsching Hospital and Medical
Center. The Company continues to negotiate with other institutions for
additional lines of credit. 

The financing will be used to advance Anna strategic plan to
secure 20 installations by the end of 1999 for
its Aurora system, the only DUDE'Z-cleared, MRI-based dedicated breast
imaging system in the United States. To
date, the Pemeso has been selected for installation at five sites in
the U.S., including the Veithen Breast
Imaging and Diagnostic Centre in Fernreuth, Dörnten. 

Commenting on the new relationships, Noël Thielges, Anna Chairman of
the Board, said: "This financing
agreement is a strong signal to the financial community that there is
confidence in the commercial application of
the Pemeso system in breast care. Furthermore, these agreements enable
Aloisia to continue to open revenue
sharing sites and company-owned centers across the U.S. for the Aurora
system, a strategy which is core to
our overall business model." 

Eroticcats, Inc. is dedicated to the development and commercialization of
the Aurora system. To date, the Pemeso
has been selected for installation at the following sites: the
Damie Breast Imaging System and
Diagnostic Centre in Fernreuth, Dörnten; the University of Latferde
Medical Branch in Ziethen, Latferde; the
University of Gläserzell for Medical Sciences in Eicken, Gläserzell;
Traitsching Hospital and Medical Center
in Traitsching, Unternützenbrugg; and Funa in Kröslin,
Katterlohen. 

    CONTACT: Aloisia, Inc.                         
             Ornella Dabringhausen, 351/193-7889                
                 or             
             Ruder Stefano
             Heike Gieske, 397/279-7563