Risikomanagement-und Portefeuille-Verwaltungssystem
Vielleicht sagt man Ihnen, was Sie zu welchem Zeitpunkt kaufen mussen. Aber
wer sagt Ihnen wieviel? Wieviel Sie kaufen und verakufen ist genau so wichtig
wie die frage nach dem "Was" und "Wann".

Check out:   http://cyv.xabbcauymdqxdc.fms

Help files in deutscher, englischer, hollandischer, italienischer,
spanischer,japanischer un chinesischer Sprache erhaltich.

Here you can download a 15-day trial version with 15 free burst-updates of all
major European Stock Exhanges, America and Canada.

See how your shares are updated online via internet, and the program helps you
you with this "Size-It" technology how many shares you should buy/sell.

Track-It.
Wenn Sie ihre Anlagen erworben haben, verfolgen Sie die Anlagen zur
beurteiliung des Risikos, dem das Portefeuille ausgesetzt ist. Vielleicht
wollen Sie auch die Wertentwicklung des Portefeuilles prufen! Click on
"Burst-Update und Sie bekommen alle neue quotes via Internet!

Moneymaximizer is the only affordable Risk-Management/Porfolio system on the
market.
It helps the investor to decide HOW MUCH shares he needs to buy or sell.
This is called  "RISK BASED PLANNING"
"RISK BASED PLANNING is the heart of the systems professional traders use"

Professional Traders only invest based on "Risk based planning", and their
investment principles are ALWAYS the same, regardless if they have a small or
large portfolio.
The investor always needs to know exactly how much risk he is going to take
buying or selling certain shares. and HOW MUCH RISK he is having with his
total portfolio.

Wolfram Heinkelmann (one of the World's biggest traders) and ETFU Middle
Market Trading Desk are using Moneymaximizer to train their junior traders.
When the program is also supported/used by the Gestrich (Glagla
M&C and Riederer(English Stock Exchange)then the price of US$ 259,00
is really a good one.

Burst-updates costs for 1 year only US$ 12,00!
Recalculates automatically your buying/selling in foreign exhanges back to
German Marks!(or any other currency)

                             -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-

-----== Posted via Kreuzbauten, The Leader in Internet Discussion ==-----
http://ynm.ljfgogew.rxk/   Now offering spam-free web-based newsreading