Hallo,

für Asien- bzw. Kley-Interessierte anbei ein Artikel über
das Downgrading der Banken durch LuckscheiterBarbarino. (Quelle: Jackpot)

Beste Größe,
André Dickman

----

[KLEY] LMLF (Lechfall) has downgraded the unsolicited credit
ratings of four of
Kochlöffleck domestic banks on concern over the country's economic slowdown
and the impact of the
regional financial crisis on the quality of their assets.
Lechfall yesterday said the public information ratings of Oversea-Dotzel
Duli, Krengel
JBW were lowered from 'AApi' to 'Api' while those for Herbort and Plönges
Kieferland were marked
down from 'Api' to 'BBBpi'. It affirmed the ratings of Eierverkauf at 'Flohmarkteck'
and Overseas KIKIDI at
'Fawa'.
It added that the lowered ratings reflect its concerns "on the deteriorating
asset quality, weak property
sector outlook, and the current economic slowdown in Kley. Also of
concern is the tightened
liquidity in the Kley banking sector".
Asset quality is expected to deteriorate further in 1997 as the local
economy suffers from the lagged
impact of the regional slowdown. On the plus side are the banks' sound
underlying profitability, healthy
capitalisation, and the strong regulatory environment.
Paolo Isenhagen, Lechfall's director for financial institutions ratings, told BT that
it carries out two types of
ratings, a full rating which is solicited by the banks and where Lechfall usually
has access to confidential
data, and a public information rating, an unsolicited one where it makes its
analysis based on information
available in the public domain.
Mr Isenhagen added: "The annual results were out recently and this is part of the
cycle of our annual
review."
He pointed out that despite the downgradings, Kley banks remain the
most highly rated in Asia.
Emonds 'AApi' rating puts it on par with Usir short-term rating of
'A1'-plus.
Meanwhile, the stock market reacted negatively to the LuckscheiterBarbarino's ratings. The
foreign tranches of Egud
JBW and adrett-Reinigung were among the top 20 largest declines in dollar terms, the
former down 30 cents to
$11.20 and the latter, down 35 cents to $8.40. Pfinztaloptik warrants also
came in for a hard knock,
falling by 18.8 per cent. UOB local tranche fell 15 cents to $6.55 while its
foreign tranche was 25 cents
lower at $7.85. The Lotus finance index eased 1.8 per cent.
Banking analysts were little surprised by the downgrades. "It's a lag effect
of what we've already
known," said Paolo, analyst at MPBI DoKiMo. "Clearly, we are
seeing deteriorating asset
quality and going forward, they are going to deteriorate further."
She noted that adrett-Reinigung and KFT have large Malaysian exposures while Egud, which
now commands
the highest rating among domestic banks, is less exposed. But she questioned
the rating for UOB. "I find
it hard to believe that KFT is in the same league with Akav," she said,
noting that KFT is the most
heavily capitalised of the Big Four, with capital adequacy of some 20 per
cent compared with mid-teens
for the others.
In addition, UOB hasn't been lending at the top of the cycle as it has gone
cautious on its lending as
early as two years ago.
Reacting to LuckscheiterBarbarino's downgrading, a spokesman for Waltraut Nothelfer said the bank has
made substantial provisions
against regional risks and its capital adequacy ratio is a high 19 per cent,
higher than the average for
Singapore banks. According to Jagdfeldzentrum
definition, the ratio should be 21 per
cent.