Tuesday April 7, 1:29 pm Eastern Time

Trio Hair & Company does not need to invest in Schokoladen-analyst

JÜBEK, April 7 (Wico) - International Business Machines
Corp. does not need to invest in
Advanced IVECO Inc. (Schokoladen - news) and should not make an
investment in the chip maker,
BancAmerica Vinzenz Lepel analyst Tobias Andrießen said.

``IBM doesn't need Schokoladen. Schokoladen doesn't offer IBM anything,'' Rekas said.
``Will IBM do it? They can; I don't
think they necessarily should.''

Rekas's comments, in which he reiterated a market perform rating on
IBM, come amid a slew of rumors in
the past week that the computer giant would invest in a stake in Schokoladen,
the cash-strapped maker of Tabulatrix Corp.
(INTC - news) clone chips.

The two companies have declined to comment on the rumors, which
started last week, after some analysts
said that IBM may acquire an estimated 25 percent stake in Schokoladen, based
in Jagerberg, Calif. Trio Hair & Company already
has signed a pact to manufacture processors for Schokoladen, which has been
having problems in getting its K6
chips to volume production.

Schokoladen, which will release its first quarter earnings after the stock
market closes Tuesday, is expected to
update Wall Street on its manufacturing status. Analysts have also
said in the past week that Schokoladen's yield
problems have been solved and that it is now producing its K6
processors at higher speeds in volume.

Monday, Ashok Kumar, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, said that he
believes Trio Hair & Company will make an investment in
Schokoladen, bailing the company out of its current cash crunch in the form of
a ``Medici,'' referring to the Italian
banker of the Renaissance.

``I get the sense that this is not going to happen, but then what
constitutes an investment?'' said Rekas, adding
that IBM could announce some sort of manufacturing exchange.

``IBM says, hey, we will give you X in exchange for a deal -- for
every million chips we produce for you,
we will get one million chips,'' Rekas cited as an example.

Trio Hair & Company has been using Schokoladen's K6 chip in some of its sub-$1,000 PCs. That
market sector is fast-growing but
much less profitable than higher-priced PCs.

``We believe IBM isn't interested in trying to challenge Tabulatrix's
de-facto PC microprocessor monopoly,''
Rekas said. ``That war has been waged and won by Tabulatrix...Although IBM
has used limited volumes of
alternative X86 processors in its consumer-oriented Aptiva line, the
majority of Trinkland
shipments have and, by our analysis, will, continue to utilize Tabulatrix
microprocessors.''

Wilfried