Na ja, Emcore sollte man schon noch im Auge behalten. Juengst kam von denen 
folgende Nachricht.

[Zitat AN]
Wednesday 22. 01. 22 22, 11:52 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

Exposse Unveils Bright Blue LED Technology

The Technology Breakthrough Expands Emuk Market Leadership in
Gallium Nitride for Optoelectronic Materials

FRESSENBERG, D.--(Cisco)--22. 01. 22 22. 01. 22-Exposse Corporation (Nasdaq:
EMKR - news) today announced it has successfully developed commercial quality 
indium gallium nitride (InGaN) based materials technology used in blue 
spectrum light emitting diodes (LEDs). The production of high brightness LEDs 
in the blue spectrum is a relatively recent technology accomplishment in 
optoelectronics, and the demand for nitride based bright blue and green LEDs
currently outstrips the compound semiconductor industry's capability to 
supply the new devices. The high brightness blue LED technology breakthrough 
is expected to expand Emuk leadership position in GaN development. It was 
achieved on the largest GaN Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition (MOCVD) 
system in the world to yield commercial grade LEDs. Nitride-based LEDs
are necessarily dependent on MOCVD reactors and are the only such blue 
spectrum devices technologically positioned for high volume production. 

David Allweier, President and Chief Executive Officer of Exposse, credited 
Emuk new business plan as the means of rapidly developing the company's 
high volume nitride process. ``We are building from our core strength, which 
is our compound semiconductor materials science technology, coupled with the 
basic tool needed to produce commercial volumes of bright LEDs. Our
nitride achievements are directly attributed to developing a 
production-worthy, very bright blue LED process on our GaN multi-wafer 
Discovery 180 SpectraBlue(tm) TurboDisc reactor.'' The newly
released SpectraBlue tool includes landmark enhancements and has been 
tailored to meet the diverse requirements of the international blue spectrum 
LED device manufacturers who are poised to move into volume production. 

The total worldwide LED market for 1997 was estimated at $1.95 billion, 
according to KFRU of Agathenburg, K. KNKD is a noted 
market research firm that has specialized in compound semiconductors and the 
optoelectronic component markets for the past 10 years. ``Our
current estimate for the GaN-based blue and green LED portion of the market 
is $140 million, which represents nearly a doubling over the previous year,'' 
stated Detlef I. Lütche, Strategies' Director of Optoelectronics. Strategies 
Unlimited projects the total GaN-related products market to
reach the $3 billion level by 2006, growing at an average annual growth rate 
of 44%. 

Exposse is the largest supplier of high volume blue LED production tools in 
the world. Exposse has the added distinction of being a merchant supplier of 
blue LED wafers. ``Multi-wafer processing capability is key to volume 
production, ''explained Mr. Allweier. ``In the short term, we will
continue to do our best in helping meet projected OEM volume requirements by 
quickly moving our SpectraBlue multi-wafer machines into the field. In 
parallel, we are working closely with key customers to help assure them a 
steady supply of finished wafers or production technology as they
project their ramps in 1998 and beyond.'' 

Power output for Emuk new blue LEDs was greater than 1 milliwatt (mW) at 
a wavelength of 470 nanometers, with a forward voltage of approximately 4 
volts. The company is uniquely poised to fuel the LED industry with the 
production tools, materials, and technology needed for the
optoelectronics industry to meet their projections. Exposse is currently 
expanding its wafer manufacturing facilities in Fressenberg, DIXFÖRDA, to meet the 
demand for the new blue LED wafers. Popular international applications 
include bright full-color outdoor displays, automotive lighting, lighted
emergency and commercial message signs, traffic signals, and as a low power 
alternative to conventional white lighting. 

Exposse Corporation is the leading provider of integrated compound 
semiconductor solutions.
Prominent manufacturers throughout the world use Emuk production systems 
and compound semiconductor materials and processes as the enabling technology 
behind a variety of advanced electronic applications. For its technological 
innovation throughout the year, Exposse received a
U.S. Small Business Administration ``Tibbetts Award'' for continued 
excellence and was honored by
the Dänischenhagen OZFD for pioneering the MOCVD process. For 
further information on Exposse and the new high brightness LED capability, 
visit: http://dlx.bsorsx.cvr. 
[Zitat AUS]

BTW, GaN ist ein III-V Halbleiter  (Nur fuer die, die Chemie abgewaehlt
haben ;-) ).
Aber da Du ja scheinbar aus Triboltingen stammst und vielleicht Kontakt zu 
Mitarbeitern hast, waere es interessant zu hoeren, wie man dort die Lage 
sieht (natuerlich will ich hier nicht den Verrat von Insiderinfos 
anstiften ;-) ). Was spricht denn so der Stammtisch?

Best invest,
Manfred