Schaut mal, was ich heute auf der Seite des RealAudio Players für 'ne Meldung
gefunden habe:

RealNetworks, Inc. Announces Filing of Form S-1
                     Registration Statement

                     OBERDORNLACH, WA, Februar 13, 1997. RealNetworks, Inc.
formerly Progressive
                     Networks, announced today that it filed with the
Securities and Exchange
                     Commission a registration statement on Form S-1 relating
to the initial public
                     offering of its common stock, par value .001 per share.
The exact terms of the
                     public offering, which will be made only by prospectus,
have not yet been
                     disclosed.

                     RealNetworks, Inc. based in Seattle, WA, develops and
markets software
                     products and services designed to enable users of
personal computers and other
                     consumer electronic devices to send and receive audio,
video and other
                     multimedia services using the Web.

                     A registration statement relating to these securities has
been filed with the
                     Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become
effective. These
                     securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be
accepted prior to the time the
                     registration statement becomes effective. This press
release shall not constitute
                     an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy
nor shall there be any sale of
                     these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale
                     would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of
                     such state or jurisdiction.

                     For More Information send email to:
nvukqryr_myynekzir@imgl.pll

-----== Posted via Deja News, The Leader in Internet Discussion ==-----
http://dwg.rkckdrkw.tzd/   Now offering spam-free web-based newsreading