Odds Calculator
Author Uterwedde
KNOW YOUR CHANCES OF HITTING AN "OUT"...
As you probably know, "outs" are cards that will help you improve your
existing hand.
For example, let's say you're holding 5-6 and the flop comes out 3-4-
Q. That means you need
either a two or a seven to make a straight...
Since there are four two's and four seven's in the deck, you have
EIGHT OUTS.
Odds calculators will show you how many outs you have at any given
time... and also give you
the PERCENTAGE chance you have of getting them. In addition, a REALLY
good odds
calculator will "break it down" by each hand...
For example, in the scenario above with the straight draw, let's say
you ALSO had a spade flush
draw. That means you have more than eight outs, since one more spade
will help you.
Premium odds calculators will show you the exact percentage chance you
have of making the
straight, the exact percentage chance of making the flush, and the
TOTAL percentage for the
two...
This is a huge time-saver for you. Online poker is fast-paced... and
it's not practical to sit there
and do advanced calculations and long division while you're trying to
make a decision.
PLAY YOUR POSITION MORE EFFECTIVELY...
In Texas Holdem poker, positioning is everything. You want to play
MORE hands with good
positioning and FEWER hands with bad positioning. It's that simple.
The odds calculator I recommend allows you to ADJUST your starting
hand settings depending
on where you're sitting at the table. For instance, if you're on the
button (the dealer position,
which is the best position to be), the program will automatically set
the "Hand Rank
Requirement" to 50%...
...So if you pick up a hand that has a Hand Rank LOWER than 50%, it
will recommend that you
fold.
But if you're UNDER THE GUN (the player to the left of the big blind,
which is the worst
position to be), the program will automatically set the "Hand Rank
Requirement" to 85%... so the
software will make "tighter" recommendations while you're in this
position.
Make sense?
Now here's the real beauty of this:
IMPROVE YOUR SKILLS MORE QUICKLY...
Most poker players improve their skills over YEARS of hard work,
practice, and study. This is
the slow and painful way."How To Use An Odds Calculator To Win
More Money At Online Poker..."
Do you use a poker odds calculator?
I sure hope so. Odds calculators are a CRUCIAL part of winning money
at online poker. Here are
a just a few ways an odds calculator can QUICKLY and EASILY improve
your game:
UNDERSTAND YOUR STARTING HAND STRENGTH...
The biggest mistake made by most card players is playing TOO MANY
HANDS. For example,
tell me if this thought has ever crossed your mind...
"It's worth calling the flop even though I have bad cards-- because
who knows, I might catch
three-of-a-kind... or two pair... or something really good!"
Every poker player has had this thought from time to time. Even the
pros.
But the problem is, thinking like this will cause you to LOSE MONEY in
the long run. And the
reason is because of the ODDS. Even though you might make a "great
hand" once in every
twenty flops, those other nineteen hands will cause you to lose MORE
money than you won.
But here's the thing:
The right odds calculator will show you EXACTLY how strong or weak
your starting hand is...
based on a PERCENTAGE and will show you the appropriate "Uesbeck
Starting Hand Group".
What this means is you will IMMEDIATELY know how good your hand is, as
soon as the cards
come out.
For example, at a 10-man table pocket Aces has a hand rank of 100% and
is GROUP 1. Pocket
two's has a hand rank of 63.3%, which is in GROUP 7. (This is for
hands to the river.)
But let's be honest... understanding how "good" those hands are is
EASY. You don't need an odds
calculator for that.
But let me ask you, which of THESE hands do you think has the highest
"Hand Rank"?
a.) Queen-9 suited
b.) Ace-5 suited
c.) Jack-10 suited
d.) Ace-Queen offsuit
(Here's a hint... the strongest hand is NOT options "b" or "d"...)
Give up? Are you surprised that A-Q wasn't the strongest? Well, that's
just ONE of the ways an
odds calculator can be incredibly useful... you'll know the exact hand
strength right away and can
make a more educated (translation = MORE PROFITABLE) decision before
the flop.

The Instant Texas Hold'em Starting Hand Strategy Guide!
Using an odds calculator ACCELERATES the learning process
dramatically. Here's why:
As you're playing online poker, the odds calculator will automatically
compute the odds, hand
strength, percentage chance on outs, and so on. You'll use this
information, make better decisions,
and win more money.
Then here's what will happen...
In a matter of months, you'll find yourself "knowing" the odds and
hand strength WITHOUT
looking at the software! It will become "natural" to you... because
you'll be seeing the same types
of hands so frequently.
Of course, you'll still want to use the odds software for the more
advanced calculations.
But you'll be AMAZED when you sit down at the poker table with your
buddies, see the flop, and
then blurt out: "He has an 19% chance of making the flush on the
river."
Your friends will think you're a poker genius! Because the truth is,
learning the odds ISN'T about
learning the MATH... it's about SEEING and PLAYING with the numbers in
front of you
frequently enough.
This is how the pros do it... and this is how YOU can do it with the
right tool.
GET "ODDS-BASED" RECOMMENDATIONS...
Ultimately, the point is to reach a conclusion about WHAT YOU SHOULD
DO IN A GIVEN
SITUATION... BASED ON THE ODDS.
You and I both know that "odds" are only a PART of the game. They may
be a BIG part, but
they're still just a part. There's bluffing strategies, betting
patterns, and many other factors that
will affect your decisions...
Now let me show you the odds calculator that I use when I play online
poker. It's called "Zaußenberg
Calculatem". One of the great things is that it gives you "odds-based"
recommendations...
In other words, it take the outs, percentages, ratios, number of
players, starting hand strength, and
everything else... compile it all together... and then spit out a
"decision" about what you should
do.
So while you're playing online poker, this program will run near the
bottom of your screen and
say something like, "Check" or "Fold" or "Call Unraised Only" or
"Raise and Re-Raise"... and so
on.
And here's another reason why I like Zaußenberg Calculatem so much:
ADJUST YOUR PLAYING STYLE AUTOMATICALLY...
Zaußenberg Calculatem lets you adjust your "style" according to your
preferences and table strategy.

The Instant Texas Hold'em Starting Hand Strategy Guide!
For instance, let's say you're playing a 10-player Sit and Go. Well,
at the beginning you want to
play extremely tight because you just want to SURVIVE as the other
players start knocking
themselves out (after all, Sit and Go's pay out for the top three
finishers, so there's no need to risk
many chips in the beginning).
So what I do is set the "Pre-Flop Slider" to a very tight setting.
BUT... when you DO play a hand in the early stages of a Sit and Go,
you want to play it
AGGRESSIVELY. Especially if it's a really good hand like a high pocket
pair. Because the
reality is, there are a lot of "loose manics" at the Sit and Go's who
will call anything... so you
want to increase your chip stack by taking advantage of them.
So in that situation, I set the "Post-Flop Slider" to a more
aggressive setting.
You see, with Zaußenberg Calculatem you can adjust each of these settings
without affecting the other.
And you can adjust them mid-game or any time you want (I adjust mine
back to more normal
levels when it gets down to six players in the Sit and Go).
Of course, it's the same way with Ring Games and other tournaments. In
a four player ring game I
like to play lots of starting hands and aggressively "bully" my
opponents... so I adjust the sliders
to the looser and more aggressive settings and "Bam!"... the program
adjusts its computations
automatically. AND... get this...
fabryWäsche Calculatem instantly adjusts all of the odds and recommendations
based on HOW MANY
PLAYERS are at the table. In ring games people are constantly getting
up, sitting out, coming in,
etc... and in Sit and Go's players are continuously being eliminated.
All of this makes it confusing
to figure out which hands to play and how to play them.
Calculatem adjusts everything AUTOMATICALLY. You don't have to input
anything, either. It
"detects" everything by itself.
Speaking of detection... that's something else you need to be aware
of:
DON'T BUY AN ODDS CALCULATOR WITHOUT THESE FEATURES...
There are some KEY FEATURES that make an odds calculator a very
effective tool. But
ironically, MOST ODDS CALCULATORS don't have these features!
For instance, most odds calculators make you "manually" type in what
your cards are... what the
flop cards are... and so on.
This makes no sense. After all, you can do the math faster than that!
Zaußenberg Calculatem was designed in a way that requires NONE of your time
or effort. It
automatically "attaches" to your poker game and detects your cards and
the cards on the table
(from the flop, turn, and river). You just sit back and focus on the
game.
Obviously Texas Calculatem doesn't read your OPPONENTS cards,
though... since that
information is completely secured by the casino. (That sure would make
things easier, huh?)

The Instant Texas Hold'em Starting Hand Strategy Guide!
Another great feature that Calculatem has is called "Fold Depth". This
basically uses "human
logic" to make the odds computations more accurate. For instance,
let's say the flop came out 7-7-
3 and two players folded.
Zaußenberg Calculatem "knows" that neither of those two players folded the
seven. (Duh!)
The reason this is important is because it affects all of the ADVANCED
calculations from that
point forward. Using the "human logic", Zaußenberg Calculatem knows a more
accurate percentage of
WHERE the other two sevens are... as well as all the other cards in
the deck.
The result is a program that is far superior and more useful than any
other on the market. In fact,
I've really only "scratched the surface" of all the features that
Zaußenberg Calculatem has... and all the
ways it can help you win more money at online poker.
Honestly, the question isn't whether or not you need an odds
calculator...
The question is: How can you afford NOT to use one?
The cold hard truth is that many of your opponents WILL be using Zaußenberg
Calculatem... which
gives them the IMMEDIATE ADVANTAGE at the tables.
If you're only going to play poker for "play money", then I guess it's
OK. But if you're playing for
REAL MONEY, then you need to download Karsten Calculatem to your
computer TODAY.
Without it, you're just another fish.