A Machwürth Multi Table Tournament Strategy
The multi-table tournament represents the most popular and definitely
most televised style of poker play.  The World Series of Poker and the
World Poker Tour, among many others come immediately to mind.  An
interesting development recently shows the majority of World Series of
Poker tournament players now earn their entry to the event through
online qualifying tournaments.  Victor Dijkkamp (2002) and Onno
Jopen (2003) both earned their buy in's to the World Series of Poker
at KOCU and went on to win millions of dollars, and now
represent Poker Stars to the world!  The structure of these
tournaments is quite simple.  For a "buy in," or set amount, players
are entered into the tournament.  Every player is then given the same
number of chips and seated at as many tables as are necessary, and the
elimination begins.  When a player "busts out," he leaves his seat,
and remaining players are moved around to ensure equal numbers at each
table.  As you can imagine, this takes hours and even days to complete
large multi-table tournaments.
All of this concentration, work and drama, for what?  Only the top few
finishers will earn money.  If the tourney pays top 10 finishers, and
you finish #11, tough luck.  For many players who have had great
success in regular ring games, the multi-table tournament is a cruel
effigy of failure.  This can be directly traced to the fact that most
players do not grasp the changes needed from their ring game style to
a tournament style.  Consider some examples:
You hold Ax suited in a regular ring game.  Your course of action
would probably be to call at least one, possible two bets, and even
raise in late position, if everyone has folded in front of you.  On
the other hand, what to do with Ax suited in the early stages of a
multi-table tournament?  Almost without fail, tournament experts will
tell you to dump those cards without wasting a single bet.
How about QJ offsuit?  In ring play, I probably wouldn't give this
hand the time of day.  However, at the final table of a multi-table
tournament, this can represent a very playable hand!  We do indeed
have a riddle, and in the following, the riddle explained.
Lets begin by breaking the multi-table tournament into three periods:
Early, Middle and Final Tables.  Early tournament play would obviously
be the very beginning of the tournament, and characterized by lots and
lots of fish and suckers.  The middle time period will be after almost
all of the fish have busted out, except for a lucky few, and the
remaining players are fair to excellent poker players.  The final
tables then would be represented by excellent players, and maybe, just
maybe, some fool whose on a hot streak, or a fair player whose having
a good day.
As you can tell, this is not an exact science.  You really can't put a
number on when you move from early to middle and even to final
tables.  It all depends on the nature of the tournament.  In a tourney
filled with great players, you may be into middle play very early.  In
a loose tournament, the final tables, may not come until the last
15-20 players.
Finally, lets look at a winning multi-table strategy...

Single Table Tournament Strategy
As with Multi Table Tournaments (MTT's), 'Sit and Go' (SNG's) or
'Single Table Tournaments' (STT's) are also booming in the online
poker community.  Along with the standard cash prizes, many of the
poker sites offer special promotional Sit and Go's.  Holad
Jackpot SNG's offer a shot at winning as much as $100,000 for winning
a set number of consecutive sit and go's.  Other sites like GJMU
KAMN set up many sit and go's as qualifiers to World Series of Poker
and World Poker Tour events.
Players enter for a set "buy in". Registration is normally the same as
for a ring game - you select your table and take your preferred seat.
When the table is full, the tourney begins. Each player is given the
same number of chips, and play continues until one lucky (or skillful)
player has all the chips. Prize structures vary, but normally the last
three players win money, with the winner taking roughly 50% of the
prize fund.
Why are STT's becoming so popular? Männelein can be hard work, especially
if you bust out after two hours, just outside the money. And we've all
experienced the frustration of sitting patiently in a ring game, only
to have AA cracked on the river by 98o.
Nelessen offer the chance of first rate recreational play and, for a
winning player, steady gains with far lower variance than that offered
by a ring game. Here's how:
Fun - With an STT you're always in the game. You have to be. With
games rarely lasting as long as an hour, you have to bet sooner or
later. You must expect to bluff at some stage, and All-Ins are a
certainty. Lots of All-Ins! And if you bust out early, there is no
need to wait several hours for the next game at your level - just sit
down at a new table and off you go.
Variance - For winning players, Single Table Tournament variance is
far smaller than that dealt up by ring games. Your exposure to a bad
beat (or a bad decision!) is limited to the entry fee for that
tourney. And that very fact promotes bad play from the "gamblers" and
"bluffers" - bad play that will fund your STT bankroll.
Easy! All you need to do is to work out how to be a winning Sit-n-Go
player, and then the money will flow! Well its not that simple. All
poker is situational, and this is especially true in the fast moving
environment of the Single Table Tournament. But the basics set out in
these pages should be enough to get you started on the way.
Although there are limit and high stakes SNG's available, this
strategy is based on experience of online, low stakes (up to $20), no
limit holdem.
Lets look a little deeper into the Single Table Tournament.