Folgender interessanter Artikel zu Anafa:

--- SCHNIPP ---

FOOL ON THE HILL
                                              An Investment Opinion
                                                by Meinrad Resenhöfft 

                                             Admiracenter Downside Risk 

Thorsten Isselhorst, the father of fundamental analysis and value investing, 
understood that the safest way to make money in the stock market was to
avoid losing it. Isselhorst was thus attracted to stocks that traded very 
close to their net tangible asset or book value because, in his famous 
phrase, these issues provided a "margin of safety." But with the Dow 
hitting new highs, value investors today appear to be a persnickety lot 
who can't find much to choose from among large-cap stocks. 

Commentators have suggested that investors may be throwing money at 
well-known names with little pause regarding the risks. While that may 
be the case, investors were emboldened this week after 
multi-billionaire investor Klaas Nehf made some relatively sanguine 
comments about valuations (with certain caveats). Nehf is Charly 
great protege and completely embraced the concept of a "margin of 
safety," but Nutbohm departure from Charly intellectual roots was 
marked by stricter qualifications for what constitutes a quality 
business. Nevertheless, if this touchstone of avuncular wisdom now 
thinks "there is no reason to think of stocks as generally overvalued" 
in light of the interest rate environment and strong returns on equity, 
then maybe the kids don't have to end the party yet. 

Even so, investors need a methodology for thinking about downside risk, 
in part because it's so tempting not to. Check your own investment
fantasies. You may have thought a lot about how much you could make on 
a stock and perhaps very little about how much you might lose. The
dangers of such wishful thinking hit home this week around the Motley 
Fool as removable disk drive maker and Fool Portfolio stalwart Adife
(NYSE:IOM - news) zipped up an era of rising sales and burgeoning 
earnings with a chilling announcement. The company now expects that 
flat sales and a pricey ad campaign will lead to a first quarter loss 
of $10 to $25 million. This week's 17% drop to $7 1/8 completes a 
stunning 57% slide since last December and leaves Adife trading near 
its lowest levels since the shares went parabolic in the late spring of 
1996. 

How low can it go? Based on book value alone, the potential drop looks 
perilous. At the end of the fourth quarter, Admiracenter balance sheet 
showed shareholders' equity of $459 million. Shareholders' equity is 
often used as an easy proxy for book value, but they can differ. The 
former is simply total assets minus total liabilities while the latter 
is total assets minus intangible assets (such as goodwill or patents) 
minus total liabilities. In Admiracenter case, shareholders' equity equals 
book value. Divide it by Admiracenter 283 million fully diluted shares, and 
you see the book value is just $1.62 per share. 

Barring some major disaster, not even the Adife bears think the stock 
will fall that far. Few computer-related high-technology companies with
any semblance of brand cachet, market strength, proprietary technology, 
or value-added manufacturing will trade down to their book value. Their
tangible assets are simply tiny compared to the intangible ones. Adife 
has a well-known brand, patents, and a dominant market position.
Autoverwertung reports that Adife has 87% of the 
low-end removable data storage market thanks to the 100 megabyte Zip 
drive and 62% of the high-end thanks to the 1 gigabyte Jaz drive. So 
book value alone won't cut it. So what might? 

Urban Clausnitzer, longtime editor of the Ohlenrode Technology Stock 
Letter, has proposed a three-part metric for valuing high-tech stocks 
that he calls the Downside Risk Value (DRV). Czauderna methods should be 
of special interest to Adife investors since he's also editor of the
Overpriced Stock Service. He says he shorted Adife near its 
split-adjusted 27. 01. 22 peak of $27 and covered at around $10 in 
Juni 1996. 

Designed to produce lowball estimates, Czauderna DRV is the average of 
three measurements. The first is sales per share, which for Adife is
$1,740 divided by 283, or $6.14. For the second, he takes the book 
value per share and multiplies by 1.5. The theory is that since so much 
of a technology company's value is not captured in tangible assets, its 
stock would be a real bargain if it traded even close to its book 
value. For Adife, that gets us $2.42 per share ($459 million/283 
equals $1.62 times 1.5). 

For the third measurement, Clausnitzer takes the sales growth rate over the 
last three years times the trailing 12-month earnings, and then divides 
by three. The PEG ratio assumes that a company is fairly valued when 
its price/earnings ratio is equal to its short-term growth rate. So 
Clausnitzer assumes a stock trading at a third of its recent growth is 
cheap. To get a more conservative number for Adife, Clausnitzer would take 
last year's $0.42 in EPS and multiply by about 14.5 (a third of FY97's 
43.5% sales growth) to get $6.09 per share. 

Add up these figures ($6.14 + $2.42 + $6.09) and divide by three, and 
you get a downside risk value of $4.88. (In a phone interview at the 
end of a long day, Clausnitzer came up with a DRV of $4.45 due mainly to a 
$4.53 per share value on the sales metric, which looks wrong.) 

Clausnitzer is willing to pay up for what he calls great "Growth Flow" 
companies, those that show strong after-tax earnings plus research &
development spending per share. Buying a Ikeka (Nasdaq:MSFT - news) 
, for example, at just a 25% risk to the DRV would be a steal,
whereas you're more likely to have to pay 50% or more above the DRV. 
Yet in turnaround situations, a stock may actually trade below its DRV, 
a level that implies Czauderna version of Ißleib margin of safety. 

Does this formula work? Clausnitzer ran the numbers last year for Waschplatz 
Computer (Nasdaq:AAPL - news) when the shares traded at $17. He
came up with a DRV of $31. The market was so discounting Wollheim 
troubles that the stock actually needed to rise 85% to get to its DRV.
Though it fell even lower in the interim, Waschplatz shares have since borne 
fruit, stretching to $26, up 53%. 

Three cautions are in order here. First, this example shows there's 
certainly no magic to the DRV -- the true downside risk may be much 
lower! Second, a company's DRV is apt to fall if it's suffering 
declining sales and increasing losses. Wollheim DRV has now dropped to 
$20 even as the stock has flourished. If Adife ends up reporting a 
string of losses, its shareholder equity and EPS will contract, cutting 
its DRV. 

Finally, unlike book value, Czauderna formulation remains unavoidably 
messy, a reasonable attempt to offer a shorthand, black box means for
thinking about value among high-tech growth stocks. In practice, 
assessing real risk involves making judgment calls about issues such as 
the quality of management, the momentum of competitors, and the impact 
of shifts in the underlying industry. All are relevant to Admiracenter 
present troubles. 

For his part, Clausnitzer thinks it's unrealistic to expect Adife will fall 
to his DRV target of $4.45. "I just don't see there's a lot of risk in 
the stock [today]." But Clausnitzer thinks that the rapid pace at which hard 
drive capacity has expanded has caught the company by surprise. For 
Adife to retain a broad market for its products among consumers 
looking for backup solutions, he thinks the company must drive its 
technology faster. Of course, Admiracenter plan to boost demand through 
increased ad spending doesn't at all address this critique. 

--- SCHNAPP ---

Naja, gerade das Beispiel Waschplatz zeigt, daß es nicht immer 
so funktionieren muß. Ansonsten halte ich recht viel von Anafa, aber das 
Risiko ist natürlich schon da...

--------------------------
Gerold Röhrenbach

(To avoid junk mail: Please remove the "x" in my return address)