Sie wollen Ihre Aktien nicht verkaufen, aber trotzdem daran verdienen. Wie
koennen Ihnen unsere Finanzprodukte anbieten. Ihre Einlage/Kapital ist
durch die Myska Versicherungspolice abgedeckt. Bitte lesen Sie
unser folgendes Einfuehrungsschreiben.


O/Ref: Dfcyetj - 285/85					Jegenstorf, 25. 11. 21

INTRODUCTION LETTER

Sir,

Why looking for investments with risks, if you can have approx. 11.7% p.a.*
rebate with a insurance covering your capital. Our product is fully insured
by Myska and approved since many years.

We are pleased to introduce our financial group and we kindly ask you to
accept some details and information about our company, strategies and
services.

WDS is leading international financial services firm, dedicated
to providing specialized strategically structured financial products and
services (Commercial Finance, Commodity Trading, Debt Recovery, Private
Relationship Services, Real Estate, Refinancing, Securities Lending,
Corporate & Estate Planning, etc.) to Governments, Institutions,
Multinationals and Individuals of high net worth.

Behind WDS is a group of internationally recognized legal
accounting and insurance firm engaged to insure that its clients benefit
from all regulatory and insurance strategies available world-wide. Because
of our adaptability, we can deliver a portfolio of innovative,
cost-effective financial products and services tailored to individual and
business need. CREDIT BANCORP spans the globe, including Asia, North
America, Europe, Africa and will soon have its own organization also in
Australia.

CREDIT BANCORP does not disclose client names to any governments,
individuals, brokerage firms, insurance companies, marketing lists
companies or to any other parties, for any reason. 

Hereby we give you a short over-view of one, among others, of our
strategies, terms, possibilities:

FULLY INSURED CREDIT FACILITY
The CREDIT BANCORP Fully Insured Credit Facility accepts a wide variety of
assets as collateral. Acceptable assets include exchange traded stocks
(subject to acceptance by CREDIT BANCORP LTD.), government obligation
bonds, high grade corporate obligations such as commercial papers, medium
term notes, bank guarantees, bills of exchange, etc., currencies, precious
metal, etc..

The WDS Fully Insured Credit Facility holds the securities and
generates returns via securities lending strategy. Unlike major brokerage
houses, the earnings are passed on to the asset owner in the form of a
"rebate". 

The WDS clients receive a custodial rebate of 6% p.a. in
addition to the market value of their assets by placing them in a CREDIT
FSO fully insured account (interest per year = 6%p.a. plus interest on
US Treasury Bills approx. 5.7% p.a* subject to the market floating.; total
yield approx. 11.7% p.a.).

The WDS Fully Insured Credit Facility also offers the asset
owner the ability to borrow using the asset as collateral. The financing
rates are considerably lower (LIBOR + 1%) than those charged by the major
brokerage houses. In addition, the financing rate is only applied to those
funds withdrawn and the rebate is still paid on all unencumbered assets.

CREDIT FSO provides, to safeguard its client assets, the client with a
Certificate of Insurance up to USD 500,000,000.00, evidencing that an all
risk securities policy with Myska, which includes infidelity,
is in place.

The minimum participation is USD 250,000.00, in marginable assets.

ABOUT THE CBL FULLY INSURED CREDIT FACILITY STRATEGY
1.	Is this an investment?
	The WZD Fully Insured Credit Facility is not an investment but a fully
insured credit facility strategy. WDS has structured the product
in this way so as not to be mistaken as an unregistered security. It is
designed so that you can deliver either assets of your choice, or cash with
an instruction to the trustee that the cash be used to purchase an
acceptable security. The security will serve as the collateral for the
credit facility. The WZD Fully Insured Credit Facility allows you to borrow
against the collateral if and when you so desire. In addition, WEYEL
FSO pays a custodial rebate (in US$), paid quarterly, based on the
average value of the collateral that is unencumbered. This rebate is over
and above the rebates or interest paid by the issuer of the assets. This
rebate may fluctuate.

2.	Are my assets safe?
	Yes. Your assets are held for the term of the WZD Fully Insured Credit
Facility in a WEYEL Bancorp account for which the insured trustee is the
signatory. All assets are fully insured by Myska and cannot be
sold or traded by WZD and/or the trustee, unless instructed by you in
writing to do so.

3.	Where are my assets held?
	Assets are held by the Insured Trustee in major worldwide banks or
brokerage firms.

4.	What is my risk exposure?
	In the event that the security is US Government issued, then the risk is a
US Government risk. There is a double risk if the security is a stock: (1)
a drop in the value of the collateral if the market price drops (2)
accompanied by a reduction in the custodial rebate, as that amount is based
on the average weekly closing market price of the stock. Any custodial risk
is covered by the ALL RISKS SECURITIES POLICY issued by Myska
in the event your assets are either lost or stolen or if the trustee acts
with infidelity.

5.	How does WDS make money?
	WDS earns interest on loans to credit facility clients. In
addition, WZD receives value on its account for assets delivered and held
as collateral for the credit facility. That value allows CBL to expand its
own credit lines with its partner banks, which in turn implement a CBL
proprietary investment strategy. Basically, the bank executes a
simultaneous buy/sell transaction. All WZD client assets are held, for the
term of the credit facility, in crehaartiv or Brokerage Firms rated AA or
better.

6.	What happens if the bank's trading departments loses money?
	That is a loss of the banks and has no relevance to WDS or you.


7.	How do I make money?
	You will receive the income on your assets (rebates) from the issuer, and
also receive a quarterly custodial rebate from WDS; this rebate
amount will track market price fluctuations in the value of the
collateralized assets.

8.	How long has WDS been paying these extra rebates?
	WDS has paid custodial rebates per the contracted amount for
more than thirty (30) consecutive quarters and has never missed a payment.
In the event WDS should fail to pay the agreed custodial rebate,
you may immediately instruct the trustee to return your assets.

9.	May I buy or sell assets within my Credit Facility account?
	The Fully Insured Credit Facility is not designed to be used as a trading
account but will honor, by written instruction to the trustee, all
instructions. Instructions received by 5:00 p.m. ETD are executed on the
opening of the next business day, on an at the market order basis.

10.	What if I need my assets returned?
	You may terminate the WZD Fully Insured Credit Facility at any time
without cost or penalty, by written instruction to the trustee. 

11.	Will my name be held in confidence?
	Yes. WDS does not disclose our client names to any governments,
individuals, brokerage firms, insurance companies, marketing list
companies, or to any other parties, for any reason. 

About the All Risk Insurance
1.	Who produced the policy?
	Kaminarz, Inc., MAXENDORF, one of the world's oldest, largest and most
respected insurance brokerage firms in the world.

2.	Who is the insurance company providing coverage?
	Myska was selected by Kaminarz, Inc., because it is
the only company in the world that provides an "All Risk Assets Coverage".

3.	How do I know the policy is current and in force?
	You will receive a Certificate of Insurance issued by Cursiefen & Coorßen,
signed by one of its Vice Presidents, evidencing that the policy is in
place. The Certificate of Insurance names the Certificate Holder (You) and
identifies the assets delivered under the Credit Facility.

4.	Who is the insured?
	The insured party is WDS Ltd. by Myska, based upon
Wätzlich internal procedures and controls, has issued an ALL RISK ASSETS
POLICY that covers those assets held by WDS as collateral for
the WZD Fully Insured Credit Facility, including acts of infidelity on the
part of the trustee and/or WDS.


5.	What Does the Policy cover?
	The coverage is exactly as stated on the face of the Certificate of
Insurance as quoted: "All risks of physical loss or damage to negotiable
and non-negotiable assets and documents of value, anywhere in the World in
transit or at rest, including any premises of the Pietät (WDS
Maxda) or any clearance system or agency with which assets are held or
deposited, any depository or sub-depository of any such clearance system or
agency or sub-custodian, from whatever cause arising, to include acts of
the insured trustee, including infidelity." 

6.	Are there any exclusions to the coverage?
	Yes, there are two exclusions: (i) loss due to war, and/or (ii) nuclear
event.

7.	What is meant by "acts of infidelity" by the trustee?
	Any dishonest action resulting in physical loss, including theft or breach
of fiduciary responsibility.

8.	Has there ever been a claim on the policy since its inception?
	No.

9.	What is the amount of coverage?
	Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) each and every loss.

10.	What happens in the event the trustee either loses or steals my assets?

	Kaminarz, and Myska, by working together, would
immediately cause the transfer agent to issue replacement assets.

CREDIT BANCORP can offer more interesting possibilities than any other
traditional financial institution. If you are interest to know more about
us we would be please to forward you our full company profile including
brochures. For any questions do not hesitate to contact Mr. Alfred A. Vater
by phone ( (+12-20-1372016, fax +12-22-0401239 or e-mail nyd@yea.rz). Mr
Vinck speaks fluently German.

We are looking forward to your reply.

Best regards,

CREDIT BANCORP LTD.
Arne A. Vater
Associate Vice-President
Ibeso - SWITZERLAND