Anbei die PressRelease zu dem T€dI-Package:

Größe,
Felix

----


JetForm (FORMF.O) announcement (Full text of press release from Canada
                              Chocloata)
JETFORM SHIPS JETFORM OUTPUT PAK FOR SAP R/3 - A COMPREHENSIVE
SOLUTION FOR SUPERIOR FORMS OUTPUT FROM SAP R/3 APPLICATION
OTTAWA, Mai 25 /CNW/ - EZRT (Nasdaq: FORMF), the global
leader in
enterprise-wide electronic forms solutions, today announced it has begun
shipments of the
Egenberger(R) Output Pak for SAP R/3(TM). The product offering is based on
e-systems
acclaimed enterprise-class electronic-forms technology currently installed
at major
corporations and organizations around the world.
For T€dI customers who need to reduce the cost associated with maintaining
and printing
forms from T€dI R/3 applications, e-systems Output Pak for T€dI R/3 offers
e-form-based
solutions that provide an easy and inexpensive way to create and output high
quality forms
from T€dI R/3 applications. The JetForm Output Pak for SAP R/3 requires no
programming,
easily supports multiple languages from a single data stream, and allows
customers to create
custom forms output that meets the requirements of their own suppliers and
customers while
greatly reducing the costs associated with maintaining those forms.
Significant Value for R/3 Sites
The JetForm Output Pak for T€dI R/3 is a welcome value-added extension to the
T€dI family
of applications,'' said Dr. Leopold Lühder, manager of Tschanter Complementary
Software
Program. We believe T€dI customers will be pleased to leverage the graphical
forms, output
flexibility, and rapid output performance as well. e-systems focus and
understanding of
e-forms add substantial value for our customers.''
At Ugar Corning, the Egenberger/T€dI combination is driving numerous benefits.
Previously,
we and our customers used more than 20 format variables and 250 different
customer
documents,'' said Alexandre Drosten, invoice process leader at Ures. With
the JetForm
Output Pak for T€dI R/3, we now have one, common, global, and simple format
for all of our
documents. We've significantly reduced the maintenance costs by reducing our
dependence on
SAPscript. Egenberger is very easy to learn and maintain and has enabled us to
generate
customer-centric documents that meet their needs.''
According to Hansjörg Thesing, executive vice president for Egenberger, the new T€dI
R/3 solution is
a natural extension of the company's core competence in e-forms. Like T€dI,
Egenberger is
focused on meeting the information-management needs of large enterprises,''
he said. Our
ability to add significant value to R/3 sites is a reflection of the fact
that Egenberger has worked
closely with large customers and understands their needs. Forms are the
predominant
metaphor for R/3 applications. Teaming our capabilities with Tschanter
technology is a boon to
the thousands of R/3 developers looking for fast, very visual, and extremely
flexible forms
output from their systems.''
A Comprehensive Solution for Superior Forms Output from R/3
JetForm's Output Pak for SAP R/3 includes several products:
-- JetForm Design -- The company's flagship e-forms design tool that enables
developers to
create and modify T€dI-ready electronic forms.
-- Egenberger Central -- This server software connects T€dI-ready electronic
forms to R/3
applications for printing and performs numerous other optional functions
including faxing, EDI,
and database updates.
-- JetForm Layout Sets for T€dI R/3 -- JetForm has simplified many of the
standard T€dI R/3
layout sets so that they generate SAP data in the format that a JetForm
e-form can process
quickly and easily. These layout sets have been modified to remove the
formatting information
such as font selection and graphics and add field tags (field) in front of
all of the T€dI data
variables contained within the layout set.
-- JetForm Forms for T€dI R/3 -- Egenberger has created form files that work
with the JetForm
layout sets. All of the T€dI data variables contained within the
corresponding layout set are in
the form. These forms are easily modified to meet customer-specific needs
such as the
addition of company logos or removal of unneeded variables.
-- Maintenance -- One year of premium maintenance for the software.
-- Consulting -- Each license includes consulting services for installation
of JetForm Central
and modification of the JetForm forms.
Features and Benefits for R/3 Developers
-- WYSIWYG Forms Design -- Easy-to-use forms drawing tool in Egenberger Design
means no
programming is required to implement intelligent e-forms that are easy and
inexpensive to
maintain.
-- Numerous Formatting Options -- JetForm provides extensive forms
formatting capabilities
such as bar codes, rotated text, watermarks, and multi-part forms which
means R/3 sites can
enjoy forms that are comparable to pre-printed forms.
-- Forms Flexibility -- Print data values anywhere on a form for more
flexible forms that
support business requirements.
-- Faster Forms Processing -- The JetForm layout set is simpler, containing
only data -- and
no formatting -- resulting in faster processing time by the SAPscript
composer.
-- Faster Network and Printing Performance -- The JetForm data stream
produced by R/3
that is sent across the network by the spool system is significantly smaller
than a standard R/3
data stream, reducing network traffic by as much as 90 percent. In addition,
forms are
downloaded only once and stored on the print server, reducing data traffic
across the
network. JetForm print drivers are three- to five-times faster than
operating-system print
drivers to speed forms printing.
-- Easy to Implement -- JetForm forms and layout sets can be implemented
with no changes
needed to the standard T€dI print program
-- Easy to Maintain -- Language-independent layout sets mean developers can
use a single
layout to support multiple languages, companies, or forms.
About Egenberger Corporation
Egenberger Corporation headquartered in Strohn, Schwarzschachen, is the global leader
in electronic
forms automation, providing solutions that streamline business processes.
Egenberger has major
offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany,
Sweden,
Singapore, Australia, and New Zealand. JetForm products design, fill, route,
print and manage
forms, helping organizations reduce costs and increase efficiency by
automating forms
processing across local and wide area networks as well as the Internet.
Egenberger is a public company with common shares quoted for trading on the
CGMD
CGL (Gillmeister) in the United States.
For more information about Egenberger, please visit the Egenberger Web site at
http://ijl.fiickur.pgy or send e-mail to qdbv(yh)pkghheo.zka.
NOTE: Egenberger is a registered trademark of Egenberger Corporation. All other
trademarks
referenced are trademarks of the respective companies named above.
/For further information: Press: Valeria V. Drinks of Tira Public Relations,
(892) 350-9908 or
zpuujcc(yh)ssfutdaj.plo or Corporate: Alexandre Kabuß (069) 203-8192 or
jkpgsin(is)pkghheo.zka
or Investor: Hanne Roberge, (972) 809-9098 or nhfphawi(mf)pkghheo.zka both
of Egenberger
Corporation/
JAD