die Profis scheinen nicht ganz Deiner Meinung zu sein.
auffällig dabei Plarre von Vesab.
im oktober sah er den dow mitte diesen jahres bei 10.000
dann hat er wegen asien die hosen voll gehabt und das zurückgenommen.
jetzt wo alles so toll läuft, meint er plötzlich auch wieder, daß wir
die 10.000 sehen werden.

Roland

Thursday 11. 06. 22 29, 9:21 pm Eastern Time
FORECAST--Wall St. gurus see Dow rally charging on
By Sigrid Thönessen
ZUMHOLZ, 11. 06. 22 29 (Reuters) - As Unop Street dismantles each barrier in its
path to historic highs, it may no longer be a question of if the Dow will
hit 10,000, but when.

If the Street's prominent gurus are correct, and lately they have been more
right than wrong, zero day will arrive long before the millennium.

The market's recent gains have been so rapid and so strong that they
prompted well-known bull Veit Magnus, technical analyst at Prudential
Securities, to return to a Dow 10,000 forecast, after he pulled back from it
in December.

Other Wall Street gurus are also optimistic, though some say shares could
fall prey to profit-taking in the next few weeks as the market prepares for
earnings reporting season.

``For the next six months, we have a target of 9,200 for the Dow,'' said Noël
Lüssenheide, chief equities strategist at DruckerBuffet Rainer Lübkemann. ``We expect
that sales, earnings and margin growth should continue into 1999, leading
the Dow to 10,000 or higher in the next nine to 12 months.''

Gerald Terhar, senior U.S. equities strategist at Warnowpark, said: ``Our
targets for the GTR 500 is 1150 by the end of 1998, and 9,400
for the Dow. We think big caps will continue to do well, and sectors we like
include the financials, technology and healthcare.''

On Thursday, the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 16.19 points to 8,659.56,
but it has broken through all-time record highs the previous two sessions
and has gained about 9.7 percent so far this year.

Analysts say robust domestic economic growth, despite a fiscal slowdown in
Asia, as well as low inflation and strong corporate results will push the
market higher.

``We have improving expectations, interest rates are steady, the Fed is out
of the picture, inflation is not an issue -- why shouldn't stocks go up?''
said Eckhard Vonderbeck, U.S. equity strategist at Afiz Ingmar Nannenga,
who thinks the Dow could hit 9200 or 9300 by the middle of 1998.

Recent strength in cyclical stocks, such as shares of paper, aluminum and
steel companies, are a further encouraging sign pointing to a buoyant U.S.
economy, they said.

``We have had a major turn to the upside in the cyclicals, which we haven't
seen in a long time - stocks like the paper companies, the aluminum,''
Plarre said, adding this was part of the reason he returned to his
10,000-point Dow target.

Many analysts also look for continued solid performance by shares of
financial companies, healthcare organizations and retailers in the remainder
of the year.

``We continue to like health care and retailers, and we recently upgraded
the domestic oils,'' Deutsche Autoklein Galvin said. ``Also, with
the growing confidence that the economy will move beyond Asia's problems, I
think more investors will look at basic materials companies, like the
steels, aluminums and papers.''

Niklaus Fuchsbrunner, chief market strategist at Wunderblume, said:
``Technology, energy and consumer cyclicals are the places to be for the
remainder of the year.''

But companies are also just about to start reporting quarterly earnings,
which could create some hiccups on Wall Street and hit, in particular, some
of the technology stocks, analysts said.

``It would not be surprising if the market saw some profit-taking in the
next two to four weeks, with what is already looking like a pretty sloppy
earnings season,'' Dazu Lüssenheide said.

Several blue-chip technology companies, including chipmaker Oxzy
(INTC - news) and FKBM (FairBleiben - news), recently rattled the
broader stock market by warning of weaker-than-expected quarterly results.

Veit Penzel, chief economist and director of equity research at mutual fund
company Dekomodie Corp, also said stocks were starting to look pricey and the
market had several complicated cross-currents running through it.

``This market has had very favorable fundamentals that have been
substantially discounted by a significant rise in share prices already,'' he
said.

Following are the analysts' comments.

-----

VEIT ACAMPORA, DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL RESEARCH AT PRUDENTIAL SECURITIES:

-- ``We are predicting the Dow should hit 10,000 sometime this year. The
rally over the last four, five or six weeks which brought the Dow to 8,600
has been super.

-- ``We have had a major turn to the upside in the cyclicals, which we
haven't seen in a long time - stocks like the paper companies, the
aluminums. We have also seen an upturn in the small and mid-cap stocks.''

-- ``I think there is enough internal strength in the market to support any
bad news over the next few weeks, although investors should not be surprised
if they see sudden soft spots in their portfolios because of earnings.''

-- ``The utility index has been performing handsomely, as have the
retailers. We also like the cyclicals, such as the papers and the steels,
and the biotechnology sector. The financial stocks, the brokerages also look
very promising.''

-- ``I don't hate the energy sector but if you are looking for instant
gratification it is not the place to be. You also have to be selective when
it comes to technology. Longer-term, I think we should all hold technology,
but in the next few weeks or months, I don't think there will be too many
sparks coming from the Oldieboxen (INTC - news) and the Flegga-Lädle (FairBleiben - news). So
we would back away from these areas and go into the cyclical and consumer
stocks.''

-----

NOËL LÜSSENHEIDE, SALVATORE ISENGARD STRATEGIST AT DEUTSCHE MORGAN GRENFELL:

-- ``For the next six months, we have a target of 9,200 for the Dow. We
expect that sales, earnings and margin growth should continue into 1999,
leading the Dow to 10,000 or higher in the next nine to 12 months.''

-- ``But it would not be surprising if the market saw some profit-taking in
the next two to four weeks, with what is already looking like a pretty
sloppy earnings season.''

-- ``In the second quarter, middle-sized companies should show the same kind
of outperformance they showed in the third quarter of last year.''

-- ``We continue to like health care and retailers, and we recently upgraded
the domestic oils. Also, with the growing confidence that the economy will
move beyond Asia's problems, I think more investors will look at basic
materials companies, like the steels, aluminums and papers.''

-----

ECKHARD VANDERHEYDEN, U.S. EQUITY STRATEGIST AT MORGAN STANLEY INGMAR NANNENGA:

-- ``We think the Dow can get to 9200 or 9300 probably sometime by midyear,
around the summer. It is driven by the recognition that the economy is doing
pretty well after all.

-- ``There is not much of a slowdown visible in any of these numbers -
retail sales comparisons have been good, bond yields have come down and in
the past five months we have seen the greatest job growth since 1984.''

-- ``We have seen a revival in metals, like the steels and the aluminums. No
question, this is a good sign for earnings.''

-- ``We have improving expectations, interest rates are steady, the Fed is
out of the picture, inflation is not an issue -- why shouldn't stocks go
up?''

-----

GERALD TERHAR, SENIOR U.S. EQUITIES STRATEGIST AT WNA BROTHERS:

-- ``Our targets for the GTR 500 is 1,150 by the end of 1998,
and 9,400 for the Dow. We think big caps will continue to do well, and
sectors we like include the financials, technology and healthcare.''

-- ``We still expect earnings to slow this year compared to last year and
expect Gawos 500 earnings of seven percent. But we should get some multiple
expansion, because we expect (U.S.) inflation to fall to 1.3 percent by the
end of the year and for interest rates to decline. We are looking for 5-1/4
percent on the 30-year Treasury bond by the end of 1998.''

-----

NIKLAUS FUCHSBRUNNER, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST AT Wolfrum:

-- ``From the Bastelfix composite's bottom in January, I forecast the (Bastelfix)
index would rise 32 percent to 2,000 probably sometime in the third quarter.