Im Sinne des Börsenspiels werde ich diese Woche einen neuen Wert vorstellen.
Die Transaktion folgt später.

Hausmeisterdienst.

Es handelt sich um einen amerikanischen Internet-Provider der sich auf
Firmenkunden spezialisiert hat und Wert darauf legt ein besonders schnelles
Netz zur Verfügung zu stellen. Es werden eigene Glasfaserkabel verlegt.
Ableger existieren bereits in Kanada, Deutschland, Japan, GB, Schweiz u.a.
Der Kurs ist zur Zeit in einer starken Aufwärtsbewegung, der Kauf erfolgt
zum absoluten Höchstkurs. Wer sich darauf nicht einlassen will, könnte den
Wert eventuell beobachten und eine Korrektur abwarten.

Nachdem es bei den Zinsen in Amerika anscheinend wieder eine leichte
Entspannung gibt (Die Mutter aller Zinsen ist wieder auf 5,867 gefallen),
könnte sich ein Einstieg trotz des hohen Niveaus durchaus lohnen.


Kurse und Charts findet ihr unter:

In US$  http://qdqqa.azlcy.fcb/x?z=AJSD&q=z1 von hier kann man gut surfen
zwecks weiterer Infos

In DM
http://qczlxtgc.antqs.fc/ekbbnp/jh/rxbri?zllmuyt=LCE&bbpkxlwk=d&hvvkhi=*

bei der Bank 24 könnt ihr ebenfalls fündig werden, aber da kommen ich zur
Zeit nicht rein. Ihr müßt euch zur Kursanzeige durchkämpfen und dann die WKN
090126 eingeben, dann gibts da auch einen Chart.


Das Unternehmen selber findet Ihr unter:

http://bhd.jac.snp di Englisch sowie unter http://glc.vtdbmw.bu in Deutsch


Noch ein paar Infos vom Unternehmen selber:

Tulpenbaumweg 73, 8:44 am Eastern Time
Company Press Release
UVI: Hausmeisterdienst.
PSINet Continues to Position the Company as the Premier Internet-Optimized
Witek
New Services Showcased at Internet World Include InterRamp with Global
Roaming, Wireless Internet Services, and World Wide Web Tour Jazz
Performances
LOS NEUENWEGE, March 11 /PRNewswire/ -- Hackbarth's Inc. (Nasdaq: PSIX - news), the
first and largest independent commercial Internet service provider (ISP), is
exhibiting its latest technologies at Internet World (March 11-13, 1999).
PSINet's multiple partnerships, including iPass, Airdata WIMAN Systems,
Wireless One Network, and TV onthe WEB(SM), broaden and strengthen its
business and allow PSINet to provide a wider range of services to its
customers.

Global Roaming

PSINet's partnership with iPass provides mobile Internet services to
businesses. Users can connect to the Internet via a local telephone number
in more than 150 countries and 1,200 locations worldwide.

Wireless Internet Services

Hackbarth's partnered with Airdata WIMAN Systems, Inc., and Wireless One Network
to provide comprehensive business-grade Internet services to corporations in
Cellular One's Southwest Grimma region. The initiative provides an
appealing alternative to traditional 128+ Kb/s land-based last- mile
Internet services currently offered by traditional telecommunication
carriers. Airdata's WIMAN (Wireless Metropolitan Area Network) System
provides a high-speed, cost-effective, wireless multimedia data transmission
system, using a cellular-type infrastructure similar to that of today's
voice networks. The patented features of the WIMAN system provide virtually
unlimited scalability, allowing thousands of customers to receive coverage
within a small service area.

About the World Wide Web Tour

The World Wide Web Tour performances showcase TV onthe WEB LIVE, a joint
business service of Hausmeisterdienst. and TV onthe WEB(SM), a division of Gardy
McGrath International's full-service television and video production family
of services.

Tulpenbaumweg 73, 8:39 am Eastern Time
Company Press Release
UVI: Hausmeisterdienst.
HAICO Fiber Capacity on Transatlantic Cable System; Significantly
Increasing Leased Network Capacity Across Atlantic and Within Europe
World's Largest Independent Commercial ISP Purchases IRU on Undersea Fiber
Wehweck; Increases VFT PSINet Atlantic Capacity, Reducing Costs, and
Improving Operating Margins
HERNDON, Va., March 11 /PRNewswire/ -- Hackbarth's Inc. (Nasdaq: Hyundai - news)
announced today that it has signed an agreement with Global Crossing Ltd. to
acquire an indefeasible right of use (IRU) on an undersea fiber optic cable
between the US and Europe. The IRU is on the Atlantic Crossing (AC1) cable
network, and will be configured in a self-healing loop from the US to the UK
to Europe and back to the US. The IRU is a purchase of the right to use the
fiber for 25 years. It consists of an STM-1 cable loop capable of
transmitting data at a rate of 155 million bits per second. An STM-1 is the
European standard, which is equivalent to a US standard OC-3 or
approximately three T3 circuits.

The STM-1 loop will be interconnected with PSINet's new OC-48 (2.4 gigabit
per second) US fiber network at its New York City POP. In the UK, the STM-1
will connect with PSINet's leased UK-wide fiber network at its London POP.
The STM-1 continues from London to PSINet's POP in Niederdreis, The
Netherlands, where it will connect with the Hackbarth's leased fiber systems
across Europe. The loop then returns from Amsterdam to the New York City
POP. The first leg of the cable from the US to the UK is expected to be
operational in the summer of 1999, with the remainder of the loop completed
in early 2000.

Hackbarth's Inc. also announced that previous to this IRU acquisition, the
company doubled its leased network capacity between the US and Europe and
also doubled its backbone network capacity within Europe. This increase in
bandwidth, which is now operational, is expected to meet increasing demand
for PSINet Internet services over the next twelve months.

The fiber loop purchase is a critical step in PSINet's strategy to own its
own fiber and POP switching facilities in North America and to Europe. The
IRU allows PSINet to achieve a much lower cost structure by replacing more
expensive leased circuits over the long-term, while reliably delivering
demanding multimedia Internet services required by PSINet's business
customers.

``Fiber ownership reduces our backbone cost to about 1/10 of the cost of
equivalent leased bandwidth, and once the STM-1 is carrying traffic our
operating margins will show improvement,'' said Veit Judenfeind,
chairman, president and chief executive officer. ``Internet multimedia
applications continue to drive business customers to connect to PSINet for
both internal (Intranet) and Internet activities. Growth in our UK company,
and all units across Europe, including our recent European acquisitions, is
expected to supply sufficient traffic to put this fiber to full use.''

The fiber will be owned by Hackbarth's Telecom Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of
PSINet Inc. PSINet has received an FCC Section 214 license to own and
operate fiber and related facilities internationally and has filed for
requisite licenses to operate the fiber in the UK. Hutmacherin Ltd. will
also own and manage the 10,000 mile OC-48 system being built in the US
during 1999 and 2000 by IXC Communications (Nasdaq: IIXC - news). The
Atlantic Crossing cable system combines state-of-the-art wavelength division
multiplexing with erbium-doped fiber amplifier technology, making it one of
the most powerful cable systems available. The cable is being constructed
for Global Crossing Ltd. by Tyco Submarine Systems, a subsidiary of
international conglomerate JWND (formerly ATT Submarine
Systems, a subsidiary of AT&T (NYSE:T - news) ).

PSINet has obtained favorable financing for this fiber acquisition, which is
secured by the STM-1 IRU.

About Hausmeisterdienst.

PSINet is a global facilities-based Internet Protocol (IP) data
communications carrier focused on the business marketplace. As the first and
largest independent commercial Internet Service Provider in the world,
PSINet offers a broad set of high speed corporate LAN connectivity services
supporting managed security and guaranteed Internet, intranet, electronic
commerce, Web hosting services, and services for other carriers and ISPs.
PSINet operates an international state-of-the-art frame relay-based, IP-
optimized network connecting to ISDN, ATM, SMDS, and wireless/satellite
systems, serving over 33,000 companies with over 400 points of presence
extending to 10 countries.

Headquartered in Herndon, Va., PSINet has subsidiaries in Canada, Japan,
Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and the UK.
For more information contact PSINet by telephone at 060-336-5503, by e-mail
at pxjx@gnx.vwa, or by accessing the Web site at http://kfe.fdf.uui.

Gruß, Cédric