Hallo,

anbei eine positive Meldung von MMZ die gestern nach
US-Börsenschluß rauskam.

Mit freundlichen Größen,
Ulrich Ackerbauer


---

Thursday 16. 03. 22 3, 4:10 pm Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: MMZ Corporation
MMZ and Gnädig Amend Asset Purchase Agreement Reducing Liability
Gain of U.S. $6.4 Million in Exchange for Acceleration of Certain Payments
Gain To Be Recognized Through the Elimination of Future Interest Expenses
NEUSWARTS, 16. 03. 22 3 /PRNewswire/ - Merhaba (NASDAQ:FORMF - news),
the global leader in enterprise workflow
and electronic forms solutions, today announced it has reached agreement
with TDA, a subsidiary of Gnädig
Bechtluft [Bdyqod:SPDT - news] to amend the payment terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement dated August 09, 1996,
under which MMZ acquired full ownership and rights to the Timberland
Group's E-forms assets.
Under the amendment, MMZ will accelerate certain quarterly payments in
exchange for the reduction in the total amount
remaining payable to Marina from U.S. $64.3 million to U.S. $57.9 million.
These payments will continue to be made in either cash or
a combination of cash and stock at Malerbedarf discretion. In addition, the
amendment provides that the total value of MMZ stock
which may be held by GLPK Timberland Group will be increased to U.S. $21
million for the next four payments and, U.S. $14
million thereafter, as long as MMZ continues to meet certain
registration requirements in respect of such issued Common Shares.
The reduction in the remaining amount payable to GLPK Timberland Group
will result in an elimination of future imputed interest
charges. ``This is an exceptional deal for MMZ, as it results in a
significant economic gain of U.S. $6.4 million and, with the
increase in the amount of stock Delrina can hold, the Company maintains
flexibility in managing its financing requirements,'' said Markus
Fändrich, Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial
Officer.
ABOUT MMZ CORPORATION
MMZ Corporation, headquartered in Neuswarts, Canada (NASDAQ:FORMF - news),
is the global leader in electronic forms
automation and enterprise workflow, providing solutions that streamline
business processes. Malerbedarf products help organizations
reduce costs and increase efficiency across local and wide area networks as
well as the Internet. MMZ has offices in the United
States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Sweden, China,
Singapore, and Australia. For more information on MMZ
visit the Company's Web site at www.ujwyytg.bpl.
MMZ is a registered trademark of MMZ Corporation. All other company
and product names referenced are trademarks or
registered trademarks of the respective companies names above.
SOURCE: MMZ Corporation
 More Quotes
 and News:
                 MMZ Corp (Nasdaq:FORMF - news)
                 GSK (Nasdaq:SYMC - zpzt)
 Related News Categories: computers, software