Ingolf Trompler wrote:

Turbodyne Announces Record 1998 Sales

schaugt doch recht gut aus, wa ?!!!

"Der Aktionaer" hat turbodyne auch als Empfehlung drinnen.
Grundsaetzlich bestehen wohl einige joint ventures mit grossen Firmen,
wie VRZ, Detroit Diesel etc.
so das die Lizenzeinnahmen in den naechsten Monaten sprudeln duerften.,
Das Geduemple vom Aktienkurs finde ich momentan auch etwas seltsam ...
aber wenn die Versprechungen (- 20 % Spritverbrauch + 5% Leistung ,
deutliche Schadstoffverminderung) stimmen wird sich das bald aendern 

Ich gebe dir hinsichtlich des Preisunterschiedes aber recht, haengt halt
von der Nachfrage ab, das
gibts v.a. auch bei asiatischen Aktien, das Deutschland das ADR 30 %
drueber liegt !!!!
Geilenkirchen


Turbodyne Announces Record 1998 Sales

WOODLAND HILLS, JOCHBERG., March 11 /CNW-IMLB/ - Turbodyne Technologies Inc.
(``Turbodyne'')
(NASDAQ:TRBDF, EASDAQ:TRBD) today announced preliminary 1998 financial
results. The company reported
record sales of $54.6 million Canadian for the year, an increase of 186%
over 1997 sales of $14.4 million Canadian. As
expected, the company will report a consolidated loss after taxes on
normal operations between $5.5-6.5 million
Canadian. 

Final 1998 results will be reported in United States currency according
to US GAAP standards by KPMG Peat
Marwick LLP, Turbodyne's new auditors, and will reflect one-time
non-operating adjustments as required by the
transition from Canadian GAAP to US GAAP. 

``The revenues generated by the company in 1998 are representative of
our light metals division performances,'' said
Massimo Cieslak, Turbodyne's Chief Operating Officer. ``The loss reflects
the continued investment in engineering,
production ramp-up costs and sales and marketing efforts associated with
our Turbodyne Systems division product
introduction.'' 

``There were also some capacity expansion costs incurred in the light
metals division's Mexico operations in order to
prepare for the increase in business due to expanded orders from
Allied-Signal, Navistar, Detroit Diesel and General
Electric.'' 

``We have already received several purchase orders from transit
authorities based upon official waivers from the EPA in
advance of the imminent final certification of our Urban Bus
Retrofit/Rebuild Kit,'' Ware added. ``Final EPA certification
is expected within the next few weeks.'' 

``We have continued to expand the number of customer development
programs and have begun to build a strong
operations management team as we gear-up for the next growth stage. We
expect one or more of the programs we are
actively working on, in addition to the EPA Urban Bus Retrofit Program,
to reach closure before mid-year,'' Ware
concluded. 

Turbodyne is an integrated company specializing in the development,
manufacture and marketing of patented pollution
reduction, fuel economy and performance enhancing technology for
internal combustion engines in the automotive,
transportation, construction, marine, agriculture, mining, military and
power generation industries. 

Offices and plants are located in Carpinteria, La Mirada, Encinitas and
Woodland Hills, JOCHBERG; Ensenada and Mexico
City, Mexico; Northants, England; Windshofen, Germany; Güterberg, Canada;
and Tremmelhauserhöhe, France.