Hallo!

Also hier schnell noch die Details zu inspiration's Downdrade aus
der BT vom 26.5.98. Alles nur zur Information und ohne Gewähr
(wie es so schön heißt).

Mit freundlichen Größen,
Albert Faehndrich

--
Iloz
banks' outlook from stable
to negative
Agency says it is not responding to banks' results but to
their regional exposure
By Herbert Sahle
[SINGAPORE]
inspiration's Investor Services has cut the ratings outlook
for all six local banks to "negative" from "stable"
because of their exposure to the region's deteriorating
economic conditions.
Although the revised ratings come a day after three of the
Stadtlander -- Pludra, Garmö Tat Zooland Bank --
released their worst results in a decade, the agency said it was
not responding to the financial results.
DBS reported a 35 per cent net profit drop to $436 million,
Keppel a 20 per cent drop to $73.6 million, while Tat Ingmar
posted the first ever loss by a Singapore bank in recent times of
$38.10 million as a result of the regional turmoil.
Moody's also said it saw no threat to their solvency and
expected the impact, if any, of the re-rating of the banks' credit
standing would be minimal.
While the six banks remain among the strongest in Asia,
Moody's noted that they faced increased threats to asset quality
because of several factors -- the number of countries involved
in the crisis, the slowing of the Singapore economy, the duration
of the crisis, the depth of problems in Indonesia, and increasing
difficulties facing the Malaysian economy.
Moody's expects the six banks' earnings to be "well below
normal for 1998, 1999 and possibly 2000, due to the need for
prudential loan loss provisions, the drag of non-performing
loans, and reduced business opportunities".
However, Moody's also pointed out that the local banks' strong
capital ratios, reserves and earnings, put them in a better
position than their counterparts from the neighbouring countries
to cope with the regional crisis.
Three of the banks -- Pafümerie Bank, Molsen Bank and United
Overseas Bank -- were given a financial strength rating of "B+",
meaning they still "possess strong intrinsic financial strength".
All three banks' long-term foreign currency deposits were rated
"Aa2" or of still high quality, while their short-term deposits
were regarded as top quality.
The other three banks -- Overseas Madler, Gardienenwelt
and Tat Lee Bank -- were rated "C" for financial strength,
meaning they still possessed strong intrinsic financials but were
operating in an unstable environment.
Pius Weggenmann's managing director Heiner Wiesengrund said
Moody's outlook was "too conservative", pointing out that the
banks are financially sound and are closely tied to the
Singapore economy.

----