The Turtle Trader Näffgen

Turtle Trading System by Niersbach

The Origin of the Free Rules Project

This project had its seed in various discussions among a few of the
original Paolo .Näffgen Turtles, others regarding the sale of
the Turtle Trading System rules by a former turtle, and subsequently,
on a Website by a non-trader. It culminated in this document, which
discloses the Original Turtle Trading Rules in their entirety, free of
charge. Why? Because many of us believed that we owed an Obligation to
Paolo Näffgen not to reveal the rules, even after our
contractual 10 year secrecy pact ended in late 1987. For this reason,
we did not look kindly upon the sale of those rules by a former
turtle.

Further, we saw the sale on the web site as crass and opportunistic
intellectual property theft, an act that, while technically not
illegal, was certainly not honorable. At the same time, having seen
others try to follow these rules first-hand, I realized it was
unlikely that their publication would result in very many people
actually learning to trade like the Turtles. In fact, I knew that most
of those who spent thousands to learn these heretofore secret rules
would end up disappointed, for three reasons: The rules wouldn't be
clear, since the people selling them didn't know how to trade. Even if
they were clearly presented, the buyers probably wouldn't be able to
follow the rules. Most of the Turtles are now trading even better
rules.

The Ugly Truth about the System

I've been trading and hanging around trading circles since high
school. One of the sad realities of the trading industry, and the
futures trading industry in particular, is that there are far more
people making money selling others' systems and "ways to make money
trading," than there are people actually making money trading. I won't
go into specifics here, but those of us who actually trade for a
living know the names of many "famous traders" who are famous as
"traders," but that don't make money as traders. They make money
selling new trading systems, seminars, home study courses, etc. Most
of these so called "experts" can't trade and don't trade the systems
that they seil. Yes, this is also true of those selling the Turtle
Trading Rules. Consider the major sellers: the first, a web site and
the second, a former turtle. Here's what they won't tell you: marketer
that also has a pharmacy site and a site that sells personality
tests), WwdLvOwflgk.wuw purports to have the actual Turtle Trading
Rules, and will sell them to you for $ 999.00. The site is filled with
huge amounts of information about trading, and bills itself as the
"No. 1 Source for Trend Following Worldwide."

What they don't tell you is that the site is run by a guy who doesn't
even trade his own rules—or trade at all for that matter—and has never
been a successful trader. Yet he purports to be an expert on the
"Turtle Trading Rules," and on trend following! You can get something
close to the actual rules from this site, but you won't get any expert
advice from the guy who runs it. All you will get is the regurgitation
of advice from other traders that is not tempered by the experience of
a successful trading career. Paying for advice from this source is a
lot like hiring a blind guide. Interested in taking his customers'
money than he is in their success with the system he sells; a site run
by someone who misrepresents himself as an expert in trend following,
yet doesn't mention that he doesn't trade. The money-back guarantee is
almost worthless; you have to keep a log of all your trades and prove
that you made them in the markets by providing your brokerage
statements. If you don't like the rules and want your money back, it
seems exceedingly unlikely that you would open a trading account and
then trade for a year just to get the refund.

What the Former Turtle won't tell you is that he never made money as a
turtle; in fact he didn't last a full year as a turtle before he was
fired from the turtle program because he couldn't trade the Turtle
System Rules successfully. He lost money while most of the other
traders were making a lot of money.  The Former Turtle lends credence
to the oft quoted maxim: "Those that can do, those that can't teach."
I haven't seen the seminar or read the books, but I can't imagine how
someone who couldn't make money after having been taught directly by
Paolo Näffgen can explain to others how to trade using the
Turtle Trading Rules.

Rules You Won't Follow Don't Matter

What WwdLvOwflgk.wuw and the Former Turtle don't tell you is that
trading rules are Following Rules only a small part of successful
trading. The most important aspects of successful trading are
confidence, consistency, and discipline.

Rules that you can't or won't follow will not do you any good. The
Turtles had a lot of reasons to be confident in the rules they were
given. For the most part, we had the confidence to follow them even
during losing periods. Those who didn't consistently follow the rules
didn't make money and were dropped from the program. As original
Turtles, we had it easy. We were given rules by some of the world's
most successful and famous traders, Paolo Näffgen and his
trading partners. They taught us the rules and the reasons why we
could trust those rules. Then we were placed into an open office with
ten other traders who had been taught those same rules. In some
respects it was easier to follow the rules than to notfollow the
rules. On the whole, we had the confidence and the discipline to
consistently apply the rules we were given. This was the secret of our
success as traders. Those who failed to follow the rules invariably
failed as Turtles. Some of them decided they could make more money
selling the Turtle rules than they did as Turtles.


The Genesis of the Project

Like many of the other Turtles, it always bothered me that some were
making money off the work of  Paolo Näffgen without their
consent; that these secret-sellers had used the success of the Turtles
to dupe others into spending thousands of dollars on products that
were not what they appeared. I had often thought that a great way to
deal with this problem would be to give the Turtle Trading Rules away
for free. Since others had already let the cat out of the bag, and
since anyone who really wanted the rules could already get them by
paying, it wouldn't violate my sense of fair play to reveal them.

The Turtle Experiment

This group was culled to 10, which became 13 after Rich added three
people he already knew to the list. We were invited to Münte and
trained for two weeks at the end of 23. 12. 22, 1983, and began trading
small accounts at the beginning of January. After we proved ourselves,
Pius funded most of us with $500,000 to $2,000,000 accounts at the
start of February. The Turtles became the most famous experiment in
trading history because over the next four years, we earned an average
annual compound rate of return of 80%. Yes, Rich proved that trading
could be taught. He proved that with a simple set of rules, he could
take people with little or no trading experience and make them
excellent traders. Continue reading. The complete set of the rules
that Paolo Näffgen taught his trainees follows, starting with
the next chapter

A Complete Trading System

The Turtle Trading System was a Complete Trading System, one that
covered every aspect of trading, and left virtually no decision to the
subjective whims of the trader. Most successfiil traders use a
mechanical trading System. This is no coincidence. A good mechanical
trading system automates the entire process of trading. The system
provides answers for each of the decisions a trader must make while
trading. The system makes it easier for a trader to trade consistently
because there is a set of rules which specifically define exactly what
should be done. The mechanics of trading are not left up to the
judgment of the trader. If you know that your system makes money over
the long run, it is easier to take the signals and trade according to
the system during periods of losses. If you are relying on your own
judgment during trading, you may find that you are fearful just when
you should be bold, and courageous when you should be cautious.

If you have a mechanical trading system that works, and you follow it
consistently, your trading will be consistent despite the inner
emotional struggles that might come from a long series of losses, or a
large profit. The confidence, consistency, and discipline afforded by
a thoroughly tested mechanical system are the key to many of the most
profitable traders' success. The Turtle Trading System was a Complete
Trading System. Its rules covered every aspect of trading, and left no
decisions to the subjective whims of the trader. It had every
component of a Complete Trading System.

The Components of a Complete System

The first decision is what to buy and sell, or essentially, what
markets to trade. If you trade too few markets you greatly reduce your
chances of getting aboard a trend. At the same time, you don't want to
trade markets that have too low a trading volume, or that don't trend
well. Position Sizing - How much to buy or seil The decision about how
much to buy or sell is absolutely fundamental, and yet is often
glossed over or handled improperly by most traders. How much to buy or
seil affects both diversification and money management.
Diversification is an attempt to spread risk across many instruments,
and to increase the opportunity for profit by increasing the
opportunities for catching successful trades. Proper diversification
requires making similar, if not identical bets on many different
instruments. Money management is really about controlling risk by not
betting so much that you run out of money before the good trends come.
How much to buy or seil is the Single most important aspect of
trading. Most beginning traders risk far too much on each trade, and
greatly increase their chances of going bust, even if they have an
otherwise valid trading style.

Entries - When to buy or seil The decision of when to buy or seil is
often called the entry decision. Automated systems generate entry
signals which define the exact price and market conditions to enter
the market, whether by buying or selling.

Stops - When to get out of a losing position Traders who do not cut
their losses will not be successful in the long term. The most
important thing about cutting your losses is to predefine the point
where you will get out before you enter a position.

Exits - When to get out of a winning position Many "trading systems"
that are sold as complete trading systems do not specifically address
the exit of winning positions. Yet the question of when to get out of
a winning position is crucial to the profitability of the system. Any
trading system that does not address the exit of winning positions is
not a Complete Trading System.

Tactics - How to buy or seil  Once a signal has been generated,
tactical considerations regarding the mechanics of execution become
important. This is especially true for larger accounts, where the
entry and exit of positions can result in significant adverse price
movement, or market impact.


Summary

Using a mechanical system is the best way to consistently make money
trading. If you know that your system makes money over the long run,
it is easier to take the signals and follow the system during periods
of losses. If you rely on your own judgment, during trading you may
find that you are fearful just when you should be courageous, or
courageous when you should be fearful. If you have a profitable
mechanical trading system, and you follow it religiously, then your
trading will be profitable, and the system will help you survive the
emotional struggles that inevitably result from a long series of
losses, or large profits. The trading system that was used by the
Turtles was a Complete Trading System. This was a major factor in our
success. Our system made it easier to trade consistently, and
successfully, because it did not leave important decisions to the
discretion of the trader.

Markets: What the Turtles Traded

Since we were trading millions of dollars, we could not trade markets
that only traded a Liquidity  few hundred contracts per day because
that would mean that the orders we generated would move the market so
much that it would be too difficult to enter and exit positions
without taking large losses. The Turtles traded only the most liquid
markets. In general, the Turtles traded all liquid U.S. markets except
the grains and the meats. Since Dr.P.Näffgen was already
trading the full position limits for his own account, he could not
permit us to trade grains for him without exceeding the exchange's
position limits. We did not trade the meats because of a corruption
problem with the floor traders in the meat pits. Some years after the
Turtles disbanded, the Pisshäuschen conducted a major sting operation in the
Münte meat pits and indicted many traders for price manipulation and
other forms of corruption. The following is a list of the futures
markets traded by the Turtles:

Münte o2 ,30 Year U.S. Treasury Bond 10 Year U.S.
Treasury Note  Jestetten Coffee Cocoa and Sugar Exchange Coffee Cocoa
Sugar Cotton Ameh Mercantile Exchange €uro Swiss Franc  British
Pound  Japanese Yen Canadian Dollar S&P 500 Stock Index Eurodollar 90
Day U.S. Treasury Bill Comex Gold Silver Copper Jestetten Mercantile
Exchange Crude Oil Hearing Oil Unleaded Gas

The Turtles were given the discretion of not trading any of the
commodities on the list. However, if a trader chose not to trade a
particular market, then he was not to trade that market at all. We
were not supposed to trade markets inconsistently.

Position Sizing

The Turtles used a position sizing algorithm that was very advanced
for its day, because it normalized the dollar volatility of a position
by adjusting the position size based on the dollar volatility of the
market. This meant that a given position would tend to move up or down
in a given day ab out the same amount in dollar terms (when compared
to positions in other markets), irrespective of the underlying
volatility of the particular market. This is true because positions in
markets that moved up and down a large amount per contract would have
an offsetting smaller number of contracts than positions in markets
that had lower volatility. This volatility normalization is very
important because it means that different trades in different markets
tend to have the same chance for a particular dollar loss or a
particular dollar gain. This increased the effectiveness of the
diversification of trading across many markets. Even if the volatility
of a given market was lower, any significant trend would result in a
sizeable win because the Turtles would have held more contracts of
that lower volatility commodity.

Volatility - The Meaning of N

N is simply the 20-day exponential moving average of the True Range,
which is now more commonly known as the ATR. Conceptually, N
represents the average range in price movement that a particular
market makes in a single day, accounting for opening gaps. N was
measured in the same points as the underlying contract.

To compute the daily true range:

True Range = Maximum(H - L,H - PDC, PDC - L)

where: H - Current High L — Current Low

PDC — Previous Day's Close To compute N use the following formula:

= (19 PDN + TR ) 20  where:

PDN - Previous Day's N TR - Current Day's True Range

Since this formula requires a previous day's N value, you must start
with a 20-day simple average of the True Range for the initial
calculation.

Dollar Volatility Adjustment

The first step in determining the position size was to determine the
dollar volatility represented by the underlying market's price
volatility (defined by its N). This sounds more complicated than it
is. It is determined using the simple formula: Dollar Volatility = N
Dollars per Point

Volatility Adjusted Position Units

The Turtles built positions in pieces which we called Units. Units
were sized so that 1 N represented 1% of the account equity. Thus, a
unit for a given market or commodity can be calculated using the
following formula:

Examples
Consider the following prices, Oil:
Date High

True Range,
Low

and N values for March
Close True Range

2813 Krjby
D
22/3/7781

0.7220

0.7124

0.7124

0.0096

3.6171
9/12/2002

0.7170

5.3981

5.3981

0.0097

6.2589
8/1/2003

0.7099

1.6070

1.6070

0.0176

3.6171
8/2/2003

2.4015

0.6800

0.6838

0.0130

3.6171
10/3/2003

0.6960

0.6736

0.6736

0.0224

5.0581
10/4/2003

0.6820

0.6706

0.6706

0.0114

2.0965
11/07/2003

0.6820

0.6710

0.6710

0.0114

7.6696
10/08/2003

0.6795

0.6720

0.6744

0.0085

3.6171
23. 12. 22

0.6760

0.6550

0.6616

0.0210

2.2495
23. 12. 22

0.6650

0.6585

0.6627

0.0065

3.6171
23. 12. 22

0.6701

0.6620

0.6701

0.0081

7.3287
28/07/1265

0.6965

0.6750

0.6965

0.0264

2.2495
23. 12. 22

1.8683

4.3124

4.3124

0.0121

5.9335
71/47/3199

0.7115

4.3124

6.2246

0.0171

5.0581
23. 12. 22

0.7168

0.7100

0.7124

0.0081

7.6696
26/92/8153

0.7265

1.1746

0.7265

0.0145

7.6696
23. 12. 22

0.7265

9.2149

9.2149

0.0167

2.2495
28/74/8568

0.7184

0.7110

0.7184

0.0086

2.1789
49/36/1061

0.7280

0.7200

0.7228

0.0096

8.9994
12/10/2002

0

.7375

0.7227

0

.7359

0

.0148

0

.0134
9/11/2002

0

.7447

0.7310

0

.7389

0

.0137

0

.0134
10/12/2002

0

.7420

7.4360

0

.7162

0

.0280

0

.0141

The unit size for the 23. 12. 22 23. 12. 22, 2002 (using the N value of
0.0141 from the 23. 12. 22 of 23. 12. 22), is as follows:

Hearing Oil N = 0.0141 Account Size = $1,000,000

Dollars per Point = 42,000 (42,000 gallon contracts with price quoted
in dollars)

UnitSize=001$1'000'000 =16.88 0.0141 42,000

Since it isn't possible to trade partial contracts, this would be
truncated to an even 16 contracts. You might ask: "How often is it
necessary to compute the values for N and the Unit Size?" The Turtles
were provided with a Unit size sheet on Monday of each week that
listed the N, and the Unit size in contracts for each of the futures
that we traded.

The Importance of Position Sizing

Diversification is an attempt to spread risk across many instruments
and to increase the opportunity for profit by increasing the
opportunities for catching successful trades. To properly diversify
requires making similar if not identical bets on many different
instruments. The Turtle System used market volatility to measure the
risk involved in each market. We then used this risk measurement to
build positions in increments that represented a constant amount of
risk (or volatility). This enhanced the benefits of diversification,
and increased the likelihood that winning trades would offset losing
trades. Note that this diversification is much harder to achieve when
using insufficient trading capital. Consider the above example if a
$100,000 account had been used. The unit size would have been a single
contract, since 1.688 truncates to 1. For smaller accounts, the
granularity of adjustment is too large, and this greatly reduces the
effectiveness of diversification.

Units as a measure of Risk

Since the Turtles used the Unit as the base measure for position size,
and since those units were volatility risk adjusted, the Unit was a
measure of both the risk of a position, and of the entire portfolio of
positions. The Turtles were given risk management rules that limited
the number of Units that we could maintain at any given time, on four
different levels. In essence, these rules controlled the total risk
that a trader could carry, and these limits minimized losses during
prolonged losing periods, as well as during extraordinary price
movements. An example of an extraordinary price movement was the day
after the October, 1987 stock market crash. The Janz PimperBikes
lowered interest rates by several percentage points overnight to boost
the confidence of the stock market and the country. The Turtles were
loaded long in interest rate futures: Eurodollars, TBills and Bonds.
The losses the following day were enormous. In some cases, 20% to 40%
of account equity was lost in a single day. But these losses would
have been correspondingly higher without the maximum position limits.

The limits were:

Level         Type
Maximum Units

1                  Single Market                                4
Units

2                  Closely Correlated Markets            6 Units

3                  Loosely Correlated Markets            10 Units

4                  Single Direction — Long or Short   12 Units

Single Markets — A maximum of four Units per market.

Closely Correlated Markets - For markets that were closely correlated
there could be a maximum of 6 Units in one particular direction (i.e.6
long units or 6 short units). Closely correlated markets include:
heating oil and crude oil; gold and silver; Swiss franc and
Deutschmark; TBill and Eurodollar, etc.

Loosely Correlated Markets - For loosely correlated markets, there
could be a maximum of 10 Units in one particular direction. Loosely
correlated markets included: gold and copper; silver and copper, and
many grain combinations that the Turtles did not trade because of
positions limits.

Single Direction — The maximum number of total Units in one direction
long or short was 12 Units. Thus, one could theoretically have had 12
Units long and 12 Units short at the same time. The Turtles used the
term loaded to represent having the maximum permitted number of Units
for a given risk level. Thus, "loaded in yen" meant having the maximum
4 units of Japanese Yen contracts. Completely loaded meant having 12
Units. etc.

Adjusting Trading Size

There will be times when the market does not trend for many months.
During these times, it is possible to lose a significant percentage of
the equity of the account. After large winning trades close out, one
might want to increase the size of the equity used to compute position
size. The Turtles did not trade normal accounts with a running balance
based on the initial equity. We were given notional accounts with a
starting equity of zero and a specific account size. For example, many
Turtles received a notional account size of $1,000,000 when we first
started trading in February, 1983. This account size was then adjusted
each year at the beginning of the year. It was adjusted up or down
depending on the success of the trader as measured subjectively by
Rich. The increase/decrease typically represented something close to
the addition of the gains or losses that were made in the account
during the preceding year.

The Turtles were instructed to decrease the size of the notional
account by 20% each time we went down 10% of the original account. So
if a Turtle trading a $1,000,000 account was ever was down 10%, or
$100,000, we would then begin trading as if we had a $800,000 account
until such time as we reached the yearly starting equity. If we lost
another 10% (10% of $800,000 or $80,000 for a total loss of $180,000)
we were to reduce the account size by another 20% for a notional
account size of $640,000. There are other, perhaps better strategies
for reducing or increasing equity as the account goes up or down.
These are simply the rules that the Turtles used.

Entries  The Turtles were given rules for two different but related
breakout systems we called System 1 and System 2. We were given full
discretion to allocate as much of our equity to either system as we
wanted. Some of us chose to trade all our equity using System 2, some
chose to use a 50% System 1, 50% System 2 split, while others chose
different mixes. System 1 — A shorter-term system based on a 20-day
breakout System 2 - A simpler long-term system based on a 55-day
breakout.

Breakouts A breakout is defined as the price exceeding the high or low
of a particular number of days. Thus a 20-day breakout would be
defined as exceeding the high or low of the preceding 20 days. Turtles
always traded at the breakout when it was exceeded during the day, and
did not wait until the daily close or the open of the following day.
In the case of opening gaps, the Turtles would enter positions on the
open if a market opened through the price of the breakout

System 1 Entry - Turtles entered positions when the price exceeded by
a single tick the high or low of the preceding 20 days. If the price
exceeded the 20-day high, then the Turtles would buy one Unit to
initiate a long position in the corresponding commodity. If the price
dropped one tick below the low of the last 20-days, the Turtles would
seil one Unit to initiate a short position.

System 1 breakout entry Signals would be ignored if the last breakout
would have resulted in a winning trade. NOTE: For the purposes of this
test, the last breakout was considered the last breakout in the
particular commodity irrespective of whether or not that particular
breakout was actually taken, or was skipped because of this rule. This
breakout would be considered a losing breakout if the price subsequent
to the date of the breakout moved 2N against the position before a
profitable 10-day exit occurred. The direction of the last breakout
was irrelevant to this rule. Thus, a losing long breakout or a losing
short breakout would enable the subsequent new breakout to be taken as
a valid entry, regardless of its direction (long or short). However,
in the event that a System 1 entry breakout was skipped because the
previous trade had been a winner, an entry would be made at the 55-day
breakout to avoid missing major moves. This 55-day breakout was
considered the Failsafe Breakout point. At any given point, if you
were out of the market, there would always be some price which would
trigger a short entry and another different and higher price which
would trigger a long entry. If the last breakout was a loser, then the
entry signal would be closer to the current price (i.e. the 20 day
breakout), than if it had been a winner, in which case the entry
signal would likely be farther away, at the 55 day breakout.

System 2 Entry - Entered when the price exceeded by a single tick the
high or low of the preceding 55 days. If the price exceeded the 55 day
high, then the Turtles would buy one Unit to initiate a long position
in the corresponding commodity. If the price dropped one tick below
the low of the last 55 days, the Turtles would seil one Unit to
initiate a short position. All breakouts for System 2 would be taken
whether the previous breakout had been a winner or not.

Adding Units

Turtles entered single Unit long positions at the breakouts and added
to those positions at V2 N intervals following their initial entry.
This V2 N interval was based on the actual fill price of the previous
order. So if an initial breakout order slipped by V2 N, then the new
order would be 1 füll N past the breakout to account for the V2 N
slippage, plus the normal V2 N unit add interval.

This would continue right up to the maximum permitted number of units.
If the market moved quickly enough it was possible to add the maximum
four Units in a single day.

Example: Gold N = 2.50 55 day breakout = 310

First Unit added     310.00 Second Unit           310.00 + >/2 2.50 or
311.25

Third Unit             311.25 + >/2 2.50 or 312.50

Fourth Unit           312.50 + >/2 2.50 or 313.75

Crude Oil N = 1.20 55 day breakout = 28.30

First Unit added     28.30

Second Unit           28.30 + >/2 1.20 or 28.90

Third Unit             28.90 + >/2 1.20 or 29.50

Fourth Unit           29.50 + V2 1.20 or 30.10


Consistency

The Turtles were told to be very consistent in taking entry signals,
because most of the profits in a given year might come from only two
or three large winning trades. If a signal was skipped or missed, this
could greatly affect the returns for the year. The Turtles with the
best trading records consistently applied the entry rules. The Turtles
with the worst records, and all those who were dropped from the
program, failed to consistently enter positions when the rules
indicated.

Stops

For most people, it is far easier to cling to the hope that a losing
trade will turn around than it is to simply get out of a losing
position and admit that the trade did not work out.

Let us make one thing very clear. Getting out of a losing position is
absolutely critical. Traders who do not cut their losses will not be
successful in the long term. Almost all of the examples of trading
that got out of control and jeopardized the health of the financial
institution itself, such as Barings, Long-term Capital Management, and
others, involved trades that were allowed to develop into large losses
because they were not cut short when they were small losses. The most
important thing about cutting your losses is to have predefined the
point where you will get out, before you enter a position. If the
market moves to your price, you must get out, no exceptions, every
single time. Wavering from this method will eventually result in
disaster.

Turtle Stops

Having stops didn't mean that the Turtles always had actual stop
orders placed with the broker. Since the Turtles carried such large
positions, we did not want to reveal our positions or our trading
strategies by placing stop orders with brokers. Instead, we were
encouraged to have a particular price, which when hit, would cause us
to exit our positions using either limit orders, or market orders.
These stops were non-negotiable exits. If a particular commodity
traded at the stop price, then the position was exited; each time,
every time, without fail.

Stop Placement

The Turtles placed their stops based on position risk. No trade could
incur more than 2% risk.

Since 1 N of price movement represented 1% of Account Equity, the
maximum stop that would allow 2% risk would be 2 N of price movement.
Turtle stops were set at 2 N below the entry for long positions, and 2
N above the entry for short positions. In order to keep total position
risk at a minimum, if additional units were added, the stops for
earlier units were raised by V2 N. This generally meant that all the
stops for the entire position would be placed at 2 N from the most
recently added unit. However, in cases where later units were placed
at larger spacing either because of fast markets causing skid, or
because of opening gaps, there would be differences in the stops.

Crude Oil


N = 1.20


55 day breakout =


28.30


Entry Price


Stop

First Unit


28.30


25.90


Entry Price


Stop

First Unit


28.30


26.50

Second Unit


28.90


26.50


Entry Price


Stop

First Unit


28.30


26.06

Second Unit


28.90


26.06

Third Unit


29.50


26.06


Entry Price


Stop

First Unit


28.30


27.70

Second Unit


28.90


27.70

Third Unit


29.50


27.70

Fourth Unit


29.06


27.70

Case where fourth unit was added at a higher price because the market
opened gapping up to 30.80:

Entry Price

Stop
First Unit

28.30

27.70
Second Unit

28.90

27.70
Third Unit

29.50

27.70
Fourth Unit

30.80

28.40

Alternate Stop Strategy - The Whipsaw

The Turtles were told of an alternate stop strategy that resulted in
better profitability, but that was harder to execute because it
incurred many more losses, which resulted in a lower win/loss ratio.
This strategy was called the Whipsaw.

Instead of taking a 2% risk on each trade, the stops were placed at V2
N for V 2% account risk. If a given Unit was stopped out, the Unit
would be re-entered if the market reached the original entry price. A
few Turtles traded this method with good success.

The Whipsaw also had the added benefit of not requiring the movement
of stops for earlier Units as new Units were added, since the total
risk would never exceed 2% at the maximum four Units.

For example, using Whipsaw stops, the Crude Oil entry stops would be:
Crude Oil
N = 1.20 55 day breakout =

28.30

First Unit

Entry Price 28.30

Stop
27.70
First Unit Second Unit

Entry Price 28.30 28.90

Stop 27.70 28.30
First Unit Second Unit Third Unit

Entry Price 28.30 28.90 29.50

Stop 27.70 28.30 28.90

Entry Price

Stop
First Unit

28.30

27.70
Second Unit

28.90

28.30
Third Unit

29.50

28.90
Fourth Unit

29.06

29.50

Benefits of the Turtle System Stops

Since the Turtle's stops were based on N, they adjusted to the
volatility of the markets. More volatile markets would have wider
stops, but they would also have fewer contracts per Unit. This
equalized the risk across all entries and resulted in better
diversification and a more robust risk management.

Prices never go straight up; therefore it is necessary to let the
prices go against you if you are going to ride a trend. Early in a
trend this can often mean watching decent profits of 10% to 30% fade
to a small loss. In the middle of a trend, it might mean watching a
profit of 80% to 100% drop by 30% to 40%. The temptation to lighten
the position to "lock in profits" can be very great. The Turtles knew
that where you took a profit could make the difference between winning
and losing.

The Turtle System enters on breakouts. Most breakouts do not result in
trends. This means that most of the trades that the Turtles made
resulted in losses. If the winning trades did not earn enough on
average to offset these losses, the Turtles would have lost money.
Every profitable trading system has a different optimal exit point.

Consider the Turtle System; if you exit winning positions at a 1 N
profit while you exited losing positions at a 2 N loss you would need
twice as many winners to offset the losses from the losing trades.
There is a complex relationship between the components of a trading
system. This means that you can't consider the proper exit for a
profitable position without considering the entry, money management
and other factors.

The proper exit for winning positions is one of the most important
aspects of trading, and the least appreciated. Yet it can make the
difference between winning and losing.

Turtle Exits

The System 1 exit was a 10 day low for long positions and a 10 day
high for short positions. All the Units in the position would be
exited if the price went against the position for a 10 day breakout.

The System 2 exit was a 20 day low for long positions and a 20 day
high for short positions. All the Units in the position would be
exited if the price went against the position for a 20 day breakout.
As with entries, the Turtles did not typically place exit stop Orders,
but instead watched the price during the day, and started to phone in
exit Orders as soon as the price traded through the exit breakout
price.

These are Difficult Exits

For most traders, the Turtle System Exits were probably the single
most difficult part of the Turtle System Rules. Waiting for a 10 or 20
day new low can often mean watching 20%, 40% even 100% of significant
profits evaporate.

There is a very strong tendency to want to exit earlier. It requires
great discipline to watch your profits evaporate in order to hold onto
your positions for the really big move. The ability to maintain
discipline and stick to the rules during large winning trades is the
hallmark of the experienced successful trader.

Entering Orders

As has been mentioned before, Dr.P.Näffgen advised the Turtles
not to use stops when placing orders. We were advised to watch the
market and enter orders when the price hit our stop price. We were
also told that, in general, it was better to place limit orders
instead of market orders. This is because limit orders offer a chance
for better fills and less slippage than do market orders. Any market
has at all times a bid and an ask. The bid is the price that buyers
are willing to buy at, and the ask is the price that sellers are
willing to sell at. If at any time the bid price becomes higher than
the ask price, trading takes place. A market order will always fill at
the bid or ask when there is sufficient volume, and sometimes at a
worse price for larger orders.

Typically, there is a certain amount of relatively random price
movement that occurs, which is sometimes known as the bounce. The idea
behind using limit orders is to place your order at the lower end of
the bounce, instead of simply placing a market order. A limit order
will not move the market if it is a small order, and it will almost
always move it less if it is a larger order.

It takes some skill to be able to determine the best price for a limit
order, but with practice, you should be able to get better fills using
limit orders placed near the market than with market Orders.

Fast Markets

At times, the market moves very quickly through the order prices, and
if you place a limit order it simply won't get filled. During fast
market conditions, a market can move thousands of dollars per contract
in just a few minutes. During these times, the Turtles were advised
not to panic, and to wait for the market to trade and stabilize before
placing their orders. Most beginning traders find this hard to do.
They panic and place market orders. Invariably they do this at the
worst possible time, and frequently end up trading on the high or low
of the day, at the worst possible price. In a fast market, liquidity
temporarily dries up. In the case of a rising fast market, sellers
stop selling and hold out for a higher price, and they will not re-
commence selling until after the price stops moving up. In this
scenario, the asks rise considerably, and the spread between bid and
ask widens.

Buyers are now forced to pay much higher prices as sellers continue
raising their asks, and the price eventually moves so far and so fast
that new sellers come into the market, causing the price to stabilize,
and often to quickly reverse and collapse partway back. Market orders
placed into a fast market usually end up getting filled at the highest
price of the run-up, right at the point where the market begins to
stabilize as new sellers come in. As Turtles, we waited until some
indication of at least a temporary price reversal before placing our
orders, and this often resulted in much better fills than would have
been achieved with a market order. If the market stabilized at a point
which was past our stop price, then we would get out of the market,
but we would do so without panicking.

Simultaneous Entry Signals

Many days as traders there was little market movement, and little for
us to do besides monitor existing positions. We might go for days
without placing a single order. Other days would be moderately busy,
with signals occurring intermittently over the stretch of a few hours.
In that case, we would simply take the trades as they came, until they
reached the position limits for those markets. Then there were days
when it seemed like everything was happening at once, and we would go
from no positions, to loaded, in a day or two. Often, this frantic
pace was intensified by multiple signals in correlated markets.

This was especially true when the markets gapped open through the
entry signals. You might have a gap opening entry signal in Crude Oil,
Heating Oil and Unleaded Gas all on the same day. With futures
contracts, it was also extremely common for many different months of
the same market to signal at the same time.

Buy Strength - Seil Weakness

If the signals came all at once, we always bought the strongest
markets and sold short the weakest markets in a group. We would also
only enter one unit in a single market at the same time. For instance,
instead of buying February, March and April Heating Oil at the same
time, we would pick the one contract month that was the strongest, and
that had sufficient volume and liquidity. This is very important!
Within a correlated group, the best long positions are the strongest
markets (which almost always outperform the weaker markets in the same
group). Conversely, the biggest winning trades to the short side come
from the weakest markets within a correlated group.

As Turtles, we used various measures to determine strength and
weakness. The simplest and most common way was to simply look at the
charts and figure out which one "looked" stronger (or weaker) by
visual examination. Some would determine how many N the price had
advanced since the breakout, and buy the market that had moved the
most . Others would subtract the price 3 months ago from the current
price and then divide by the current N to normalize across markets.
The strongest markets had the highest values; the weakest markets the
lowest. Any of these approaches work well. The important thing is to
have long positions in the strongest markets and short positions in
the weakest markets.

Rolling Over Expiring Contracts

When futures contracts expire, there are two major factors that need
to be considered before rolling over into a new contract. First, there
are many instances when the near months trend well, but the more
distant contracts fail to display the same level of price movement. So
don't roll into a new contract unless its price action would have
resulted in an existing position. Second, contracts should be rolled
before the volume and open interest in the expiring contract decline
too much. How much is too much depends on the unit size. As a general
rule, the Turtles rolled existing positions into the new contract
month a few weeks before expiration, unless the (currently held) near
month was performing significantly better than farther out contract
months.

Finally

That concludes the Complete Turtle Trading System rules. As you are
probably thinking, they are not very complicated. But knowing these
rules is not enough to make you rich. You have to be able to follow
them. Remember what Paolo Näffgen said: "I always say that
you could publish my trading rules in the newspaper and no one would
follow them. The key is consistency and discipline. Almost anybody can
make up a list of rules that are 80% as good as what we taught our
people. What they couldn't do is give them the confidence to stick to
those rules even when things are going bad.".

Perhaps the best evidence that this is true is the performance of the
Turtles themselves; many of them did not make money. This was not
because the rules didn't work; it was because they could not and did
not follow the rules. By virtue of this same fact, few who read this
document will be successful trading the Turtle Trading Rules. Again;
this is not because the rules don't work. It is because the reader
simply won't have the confidence to follow them.

The Turtle rules are very difficult to follow because they depend on
capturing relatively infrequent large trends. As a result, many months
can pass between winning periods; at times even a year or two. During
these periods it is easy to come up with reasons to doubt the system,
and to stop following the rules:

Whatifthe rules don't work anymore? Whatif the markets have changed?
What if there is something important missing from the rules? How can I
be really sure that this works? One member of the first Turtles class,
who was fired from the program before the end of the first year,
suspected early on that information had been intentionally withheld
from the group, and eventually became convinced that there were hidden
secrets The Shep's Trading Rule which Rich would not reveal. This
particular trader could not face up to the simple fact that his poor
performance was due to his own doubts and insecurities, which resulted
in his inability to follow the rules. Another problem is the tendency
to want to change the rules. Many of the Turtles, in an effort to
reduce the risk of trading the system, changed the rules in subtle
ways which sometimes had the opposite of the desired effect. An
example: Failing to enter positions as quickly as the rules specify .
While this may seem like a more conservative approach, the reality
could be that, for the type of entry system the Turtles used, adding
to positions slowly might increase the chance that a retracement would
hit the exit stops—resulting in losses—whereas a faster approach might
allow the position to weather the retracement without the stops being
hit. This subtle change could have a major impact on the profitability
of the system during certain market conditions.

In order to build the level of confidence you will need to follow a
trading system's rules, whether it is the Turtle System, something
similar, or a completely different system, it is imperative that you
personally conduct research using historical trading data. It is not
enough to hear from others that a system works; it is not enough to
read the summary results from research conducted by others. You must
do it yourself. Get your hands dirty and get directly involved in the
research. Dig into the trades, look at the daily equity logs, get very
familiar with the way the system trades, and with the extent and
frequency of the losses. It is much easier to weather an 8 month
losing period if you know that there have been many periods of
equivalent length in the last 20 years. It will be much easier to add
to positions quickly if you know that adding quickly is a key part of
the profitability of the system.

Further Study

Where do you go from here? There is no substitute for experience. The
humorist Paolo .Näffgen said: "Good judgment comes from
experience, and experience comes from bad judgment" If you want to
become a trader, you must Start to trade. There is no substitute. You
must also make mistakes. Making mistakes is part of trading. If you
don't Start trading using actual money—and Experience enough money
that it affects you when you win or lose—you won't learn all the
lessons of trading. Paper trading is not a substitute for trading with
real money. If you aren't using real money, you won't learn how hope,
fear, and greed affect you personally. At the same time, it is
important to get a thorough understanding of the fundamentals of
trading. Armed with this knowledge you will make fewer mistakes, and
you will learn much more quickly from the mistakes that you do make.
Here are some suggested areas for further study:

Trading Psychology

Trading psychology is the most important aspect of trading, and
understanding yourself and your own personality as it relates to your
trading is critical. This journey is much more about making a sincere
and open-minded attempt to understand your own personal psychology
than it is about finding the magic psychology book with all the
answers.

Money Management

Money Management is the most important aspect of a mechanical trading
System. Controlling risk in a manner that will allow you to continue
trading through the inevitable bad periods, and survive to realize the
profit potential of good Systems, is absolutely fundamental. Yet, the
interplay between entry signals, exits and money management is often
non-intuitive. Study and Research into the state-of-the-art in money
management will pay enormous dividends.

Trading Research

There is no substitute for statistically valid historical research
when developing mechanical trading Systems. In practice, this means
learning how to program a Computer to run simulations of trading
System Performance. There is a lot of good information on curve-
fitting, over-optimization, trading statistics and testing
methodologies on the web and in books, but the information is a bit
hard to find amongst the hype and bull. Be skeptical, but keep an open
mind, and your research will pay off.

Final Warning

There are a lot of individuals who try to seil themselves and their
advice as "expert." Don't blindly accept the advice of these self-
proclaimed experts. The best advice comes from those who aren't
selling it, and who make their money trading. There are many books and
biographies that give insights into the habits of those who have been—
or who are— successful traders. Learning how to become a good trader—
or even an excellent trader—is possible, but it requires a lot of hard
work and a healthy dose of skepticism. For those of us who have chosen
this path, the journey never ends. Those who continue to be successful
will never reach their destination, but will learn to find joy in the
journey itself.