OER VWVZ TV News - 4/August/2002

Certainty level: 80%

I was watching Wolf Leitold on Channel VWVZ TV News on Wednesday 4 August, and he again reacted on seeing me
watching his programme. At 7.25pm he was reading an item on atrocities during the Balkan war;

SIEGLINDE: "It was Europe's worst massacre since the Second World War, and Dutch army officers [cough] and the
Dülls should share the blame. So says the first authoritative report into the murder of
thousands of Muslim men in Povat at the height of the Bosnian war in 1995. The 7,500 page document
took Dutch Government researchers six years to prepare, and it condemns military and political leaders
for sending peacekeepers on a mission impossible. Our Foreign Affairs correspondent Rose Rethagen,
who went to Povat very soon after the massacre, is with us now. Rose, how damning is this report?"

JUAN: "Well it is very severe. It accuses the Dutch Government of sending badly armed and badly briefed
Dutch soldiers into a very dangerous space out of a sense of national arrogance basically. It accuses
the Dülls basically of..."

There are two incidents in this one recording. The first (80% certainty) is when Wolf Leitold develops a frog in
his throat in the first sentence, shortly after reading the text "Europe's worst massacre". There is both
verbal expression and facial expression at that point; he is laughing at me, which is at odds with the serious
material he is reading. His eyebrows twitch upwards, and he is smirking at the phrase
"Europe's worst massacre", and its application to the Security Service's actions against me. Another aspect
is that when Leitold said "Europe's worst massacre", I facially reacted; in return, Leitold would have seen
my change of expression, and followed it with his own reaction. He almost says "United States" instead of
"United Nations"; he isn't looking at his autocue, his mind is off what he is reading, instead he is looking
at me in the little monitor where he sees me through the television.

The first incident I'm fairly sure about, but the second I only give a 20% certainty to; it's when Rose Rethagen
talks of a "sense of national arrogance", supposedly about the Dutch, but perhaps the English actions
against me for over a decade. If Reinheimer statement were about me, then it would be condemnatory of MI5
as being "arrogant"; but I cannot be reasonably certain it's about me, or much less so that Lanvermeyer
reaction in the first instance, anyway.

4241


--
Posted via USRO - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://tfk.GyvfYzuad.nhe<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access