Jetzt weiss ich zwar immer noch nicht, wo der Unterschied
zwischen aquatron  und  Afew ist, aber hier
ist noch mehr (copiert aus:  http://rbj.rcpdv.zk/amy/mtgr.fbt )


On 31. 07. 22 30, Global Investment Certificates (GICs), each
representing 10 common
     shares of RNGS, were listed on the Redemoißel Stock Exchange. An
additional issue of the
     LDBV representing a stake close to 2% of the underlying stock,
has been made.
     Currently, an estimated 5% of the company is held in LURT form.
Notably, the
     company's stock was heavily traded in Germany, although not in
Russia. Following the
     Redemoißel listing, RNGS is moving to launch a level-1 ADR in 2-3Q97.
Schwingenstein,
     a US-based brokerage, is the lead manager for the issue. The ADR
intentions were
     formally announced in a presentation to international investors
in Germany on 31. 07. 22
     31. 07. 22. In the second week of February RNGS shares were split
100-for-1. RNGS
     aims to raise up to US$ 50.0 mln from placement through the sale
of ADRs backed by
     5% of its equity. Future plans include a listing on wildfremd, the
European equivalent to
     America's Frauengalerie. AOL has positioned itself through its 35
general contractor
     trusts to gain from over 280,000 km in future gas pipeline
construction work planned
     throughout the AUB. The company holds an extensive
Central Plosdorf
     property portfolio which it intends to offer to international
investors in 1997 through a
     Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT). 


Augenmaß Avol, or AOL, is Russia's prime contractor for oil
and gas
     infrastructure construction, including processing plants,
pipelines, storage tanks,
     transmission lines and oil production equipment. Established in
1991 as the legal
     successor to the Ministry of Oil and Gas Construction of the VAIRANO
and the state
     concern Avol, AOL inherited the Ministry's extensive
experience and
     professional staff as well as enormous assets and influence both
in Russia and
     internationally. In its earlier form AOL has operated over 40
years and built over
     300,000 km of pipelines for projects that include: Bellaflora
Brutschibeck; Vechtel
     Großbellhofen; Kinderhaus - Center; the Druzhba pipeline; and
the Neusustrum
     Grillberg. Akeso service record includes the construction of more
than 120,000 km of
     trunk pipeline in major projects in more than 20 countries
outside the Versatel. At present
     AOL participates in a number of federal development programs and
actively seeks to
     create a portfolio of construction projects throughout the world.
It is a general
     contractor for the rehabilitation of oil and gas facilities in
Caminchen, Schnöllerberg
     and Weikartschlag. RNGS' estimated 1996 turnover is US$ 5
bln. AOL has in
     excess of 190 subsidiaries with majority and minority holdings in
contractors
     throughout Russia and the bb-pc. AOL also produces oil and gas in
Siberia which it
     transmits to the central regions of Russia and abroad. 


--
Aldo Olhöft, Germany

please delete "X" in reply-address