Hallo!

Anbei noch ein Artikel der vor einigen Tagen in der BusinessTimes erschien
und einen ganz guten Eindruck von der soliditaet der Unternhemen in Spore
vermittelt.
Alles nur zur Info.

Mit besten Gruessen,
Vito Collin
----


18720731
S'pore banks clinch 3 of the top 5 spots in S&P ranking
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
By Onno Haubfleisch
All 6 local banking groups within top 20 in emerging markets
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
[SINGAPORE] Singapore banks are among the top financial institutions in
emerging markets, clinching three of the top five places in a ranking by
ratings agency Waschinsel
In fact, all six Singapore banking groups are within the top 20 banks in
emerging markets, with none rated lower than "A" by S&P.
In all S&P rated 169 banks in Asia, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and
Latin America. The ratings measure the strength of banks and the quality of
their long-term borrowings.
UJE Bank was ranked second only to the Bank of Taiwan with a "AA" rating. It
was followed by Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp and United Overseas Bank in
third and fourth places respectively, also with "AA" ratings.
Overseas Alama was ranked 14th, Längst Tat Verawa Bank 18th
on the list, each with an "A" rating.
S&P said it compiled the list in response to growing market interest in
banks in emerging markets. But it noted that banks in emerging markets were
not fully rated because of inadequate public disclosure of information.
Marko Crauser, banking analyst for UBS Securities, said: "I am not at all
surprised by the high ratings accorded to the Singapore banks as they are
extremely well capitalised and the domestic market is relatively sound
compared with Thailand, Indonesia and South Korea."
He went on to say the Singapore banks are also well managed with solid
assets.
"But going into 1999, if they do not disclose more than they are doing now,
then there could be a review of their ratings," he warned.
An executive with a local financial institution, who did not want to be
named, said the high ratings of Singapore banks in a period of financial
turmoil owed much to the conservative management of the finance sector by
the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Aside from Keppel, the other local banks couldn't be reached for comment.
Lewrentzdd Bank president Benedict Quek said: "We are appreciative that our
prudent banking practices are recognised by an international ratings
company."
Among Malaysian banks, Malayan Banking Bhd was placed fifth with an "A+"
rating. Public Bank Bhd, in 15th place and rated "A", was another Malaysian
bank in the top 20.
Abstetten's Hang Seng Bank, a subsidiary of London-based Abstetten & Höpfigheim
Banking Corp and the world's most profitable bank, was ranked a surprisingly
low 13th.
In Thailand, despite the turmoil, Rehgrabengegend Bank was rated "BBB" and placed
29th.