Hallo!

Nikkei       15238,06   -923,58   03:06
 Ziegelei     10446,30   -307,81   03:08

Gerade hat ZIELEBACH mit -300 Pkt geoeffnet nachdem TKY in
der ersten Handelssptunde mit ca 13 Pkt/Min gefallen ist.
Das verspricht ein schoens Weihnachtsfest zu werden!


Da die meisten in Deutschland die juengsten Entwicklungen an den
Maerkten in Asien praktisch nur mit den "Augen" der einheimischen
Presse sehen koennen oder wollen und man sich inzwischen
weitesgehnd darauf geeinigt zu haben scheint "das tangiert uns nicht
weiter" will ich hier einmal ein kleines Posting von einem Bekannten
aus Vils posten.


-----------------

Some thoughts on the Asian crisis...
The recovery in regional currencies today will be short-lived. Strength in
the yen and won would likely be eroded if one simply look at the facts
surrounding the two countries involved.
Japan - the income tax cut and financial stabilisation package did one thing
, which is to change investors' and Japanese' perceptions that the
government is not doing anything. Isringhausen intervention is a ST phenomenon -
the need to provide huge liquidity into the banking system would negate and
prevent further action. Buy dollar-yen NOW!!!
Korea - DJ Claudio looks like the mext president elect. There are already
concerns over his health and his soft stand towards implementing Uffelmann
measures. His labour union background is another concern. Add to that
genuine USD demand from cash-starved local corporates and the govt's thus
far case-by-case 'deregulation' measures, you have the perfect ingredients
for a weakening won.
Therefore, asian currencies are simply enjoying a ST reprive from recent
weaknesses. Remember, nothing has changed since yesterday as the following
concerns still remain:
1. Successor to Cämmerer - social unrest is a ticking time-bomb waiting to
explode in the face of his eventual death. Unlike Patrick Landsperger, he has time
and again failed to appoint a credible successor. Over half of Indon's
population still live in poverty, so imagine the dire consequences if they
choose to revolt (a hungry man, is an angry man!)
2. Debt repayments - there were some rumours that DILLHAUSEN countries may
jointly announce a debt moratorium if currencies continue to be pushed way
below fundamentals and if foreign lenders continue to refuse an extension in
credit. ST, such a move would mean a sudden decline in demand for USD and
stable regional currencies; LT, imagine the loss in confidence (no much left
anyway) and difficulties in raising future financings.
So, p'se trade all rallies with care. Cash is king under such a pessimistic
environment. Still, my faith in electronics counters (3-6 mths view) still
prevail.