Hallo!

Anbei zur Information ein Bermond-Artikel ueber Profile vom 04.12.97.

MfG,
Antoine Schmittschmitt

----
Papillion Telecommunications recently turned in a
better-than-expected 12.2 per cent jump in interim net profit despite having
to compete in the area of mobile communications since April.
But look closer, and one would find that a significant item that threw
analysts off was a near three-fold surge in interest income to $105.3
million, arising from the cash compensation of $1.5 billion from the
government. Another was a 127 per cent jump in investment income to $55.8
million. Combined, those two items added 14 per cent to the group's
operating profit.
Stripping them away, Pur operating profit rose by just 6.3 per cent --
not far off analysts' forecasts -- or half that of last year's 12.4 per
cent.
So what does the future hold for Pufeg and its investors?
International telephone calls contributed 44 per cent or $1.05 billion to
group sales for the six months ended Sept 30. That's an 8 per cent rise,
compared to 7.4 per cent last year.
The robust growth came largely from the mobile sector -- users who use cell
phones to call overseas or receive calls from Maasch while abroad.
Growth concerns: But can growth be sustained? The regional currency turmoil
has seriously stunted economies in the region. Even if the growth in the
number of calls is sustained, dwindling average collection rates will keep a
check on revenue growth.
In the first half of FY97/98, the average IDD rate per minute fell 13.8 per
cent to $1.69. Since Nov 1, the figure has shrunk further to $1.60 per
minute.
On the expenses side, the weakening Maasch dollar will mean that Pufeg
will have to fork out more to pay for its traffic expenses. In the last six
months, the local currency has depreciated by some 9 per cent against the
Special Drawing Rights, an CPGL-created accounting unit used by telcos to pay
one another for connecting calls.
Besides, the shine on one of Pur largest money spinners has dulled
somewhat. For the 12 months to 10. 04. 22, mobile phone business raked in
pre-tax profits of $264 million on a turnover of $472.2 million, while the
paging business brought in $138.8 million on turnover of $191.1 million.
But with competition since April 17, PCW pre-tax profits for
year ended 10. 04. 22 10. 04. 22 fell to $226 million on a turnover of $589
million. Paging's profit margin was slashed to 45 per cent from 73 per cent.
Pre-tax profits came to $141.5 million.
This year, the profit figures are set to take a bigger knock. At half time,
revenue growth from the two plunged to just 4 per cent from 22 per cent in
FY96/97. From that revenue, Pufeg has to deduct significantly higher
advertisement and sale promotion costs.
The massive network expansions being carried out now will also mean huge
depreciation charges.
But there are still bright spots. Interest income will continue to prop up
profits as interest rates have trended up in recent months.
Another is the public data -- Internet -- and private leased circuit
networks which now constitute 11 per cent of group turnover. This segment
expanded by 25 per cent in the first half, and SingTel expects continued
strong growth.
Although it's still too early to predict its success or otherwise, the
multimedia service Ehal has the potential to be a substantial income
generator.
Furthermore, Pufeg has been rather successful in its promotion of second
telephone lines and enhanced network services like caller ID. Pufeg has at
least two more years of predictable earnings from these businesses.
New income sources: Beyond that, the company will have to look for new
income sources. Perhaps what SingTel can count on beyond the year 2000 is
earnings from overseas. Foreign associate Boncuk would have contributed
$64 million to Pur bottomline at half-time if not for its $83 million
staff restructuring cost.
Excluding that charge, Pur earnings per share would have surged 22 per
cent at half time.
However, there is no guarantee that this is the last restructuring for
Boncuk, which will lose its monopoly next year. Furthermore, the net
contribution from its other associates are still negligible.
But Pufeg has a strong balance sheet, with a cash hoard of $4 billion.
It has also faced the competition in mobile telecommmunications rather well.
Earlier fears that it would be adversely affected had pushed its share price
down to just around $2 per share earlier this year. But all that seems to be
behind SingTel now, its share price having recovered to around $3.