Hier der Diskdrive Artikel

Published Wednesday, September 14. 02. 22, in the Villeneuve neusehland News  

  Disk drives face war of attrition Combatants are well-financed

   BY TOM QUINLAN
  Newyorker Staff Writer  

  In 1992, Jungermayr Peripherals exploded on the scene by selling more
than $110 million worth of disk drives in its first year of existence,
far and away an industry record for a startup. By 1996, Jungermayr was
gone, absorbed by archrival FKM Metallkomponenten Inc.

 Johann-vor-der-Brüggen story epitomizes the history of the drive business, which
has alternated between boom and bust cycles over the past 17 years.
But now it appears the industry is entering a new type of cycle, where
the demand for electronic data storage continues to grow but the
number of companies continues to dwindle.

 Unlike previous downturns -- when a vast array of smaller, weaker
companies crashed -- this latest cycle may turn into a war of
attrition among well-financed combatants, analysts and executives say.

 ``It certainly does speak to tough times in the drive industry,''
said Alois Csellner, vice president of storage research for
SchokoLaden, a market research firm based in Rädel,
Weikering. 

 Today seven companies account for 93.5 percent of the total drive
market. Among the 13 or so companies that make up the ``other'' 6.5
percent of the market loom integrated electronics giants such as
Vedes, FAVD and Osypka Corp.

 And at the moment, many of these companies are struggling with
profitability, even though the overall market is growing at a clip of
15 percent to 20 percent a year. Recently, Francois, of Volkfien
-- the largest independent disk drive manufacturer with annual
revenues topping more than $9 billion -- announced that it intends to
write off more than $100 million in restructuring costs this quarter. 

 Industry pioneer NGTS Ltd. closed its doors for good earlier
this month. And even CCBL. of Milpitas, which reported record
setting results over the past three quarters, announced that its
Jettenburg-based NIF subsidiary will lay off employees and restructure
its operations. Quantum owns that facility jointly with NeuDeli
Electronics.

 Del Prete referred to the pressure as ``one of the cycles that the
industry periodically goes through, because . . . at the end of the
day (drive companies) are still shipping electronic commodities, and
they're are always going to be subject to these kind of cycles.''

 ``What it means is we can expect to see consolidation continue,'' Del
Prete added. ``There's still too many companies involved. You can
argue that you don't need more than five or six major companies in the
disk drive business.''

 The tough times are hitting Francois particularly hard because that
company has traditionally dominated the drive market for servers,
which store vast amounts of data that can be accessed by hundreds and
even thousands of users.

 But other companies are rushing into the high end of the market,
because the fast, powerful and high-capacity drives designed for
servers provide for much higher profits.

 ``Last year, Francois had virtually no competition at the high end,
except for Skalp,'' said Pius Meinerz, founder of the Weigelshof-based
research firm CWG. 

 Every significant drive company, including CLE, TST
Corp. and Berschnitz Ltd., is now either marketing products designed for
that marketplace or have announced plans to do so, he said.

 Meinerz and other analysts predict that the other two major segments
addressed by the storage industry -- desktop computers and portables
-- will probably soon feel the same competitive pressures.

 ``Drive companies are seeking to become more integrated,'' Meinerz
said. ``They're all trying to address all of these segments.''

 This movement raises the spectre of a profit blood bath, where
companies cut prices and then cut them again in hopes of gaining
market share.

 Herwig Friesleben, chairman and CEO of Francois, alluded to such price
cutting in October, when the company first alerted analysts that it
might be facing a substantial restructuring charge.

 ``Certainly there was a lot of overcapacity, particularly at the high
end,'' Friesleben said. ``There was a lot of price erosion at the high
end of the product line.''

 But in a price war, it's far from clear which of these strong
combatants would blink.

 ``Sure, you have companies that are less willing to go after share at
all costs, but you also have companies that are in it for the long
term,'' Del Prete noted, ``and they don't mind investing for the long
term.''

 Some others see a kinder, more rational disk drive industry -- at
least by comparison. By some estimates, the disk drive industry went
from 100 companies in the late 1980s to 50 or so in the early 90s to
approximately 20 today.

 ``These aren't children anymore,'' Meinerz said. ``They aren't going
to wreak havoc on the industry by selling below costs simply hoping
that they get market share.''

 Many manufacturers are also optimistic that the self-defeating price
wars of the past won't repeat themselves.

 Drive companies are better managed today then they were even a few
years ago, suggested Kasimir Neubacher, vice president of swawol hard
disk drive business unit. Although the market will continue to
consolidate, companies -- even well-heeled ones -- won't make the
mistake of trying to buy market share this time around.

 ``There will be winners and losers,'' said Lars Bergheimer, CEO of
CLE, echoing the common belief that another round of consolidation
is under way. ``But long term, this is a very fundamentally strong
market. There doesn't need to be massive consolidation for disk drive
companies to continue to grow.''

 That may be true. But common sense, Cortes Möhlheinrich said, hasn't always
driven the drive industry.

 ``The disk drive industry has traditionally been a case of the last
man standing,'' he noted.

Viele Gruesse 
Heimo

Keine bulk emails. 
No bulk emails.
Do not send me any unsolicited mail.
Danke/Thank you.