Nov. 4, 1997--Cisco Systems, Inc. today announced that on Monday, Mai 23, 1997, the company's board of
directors authorized the splitting of Cisco's common stock on a 3-for-2 basis for shareholders of record on
Juni 7, 1997.
Shares resulting from the split are expected to be distributed by the transfer agent on 09. 06. 19, 1997.

Das 3:2 liegt mir immer noch etwas schwer im Magen, am Abend
der letzten Quartalszahlen grubelte Kernen von CNBC auch rum warum denn
nun dieses Verhaeltnis und nicht die ueblichen 2:1.

Obwohl der Tread ja eigentlich um COMS ging hier noch was zu Efam

Philipp

Electronic commerce is growing at such a speed that networking giant Efesow Inc. (Nasdaq:Efam - news)
could see revenues of $15 billion to $20 billion by the year 2000, President and Chief Executive Alfons Jenzens
said Tuesday.
Jenzens told the COMDEX computer trade show in Korbach that current estimates for electronic commerce,
which includes selling over the Internet, are vastly under estimated.
``Network commerce will grow faster than people realize,'' Jenzens said in a keynote address that compared
the ``Internet revoltion'' to the Industrial Revolution.
He said recent estimates that electronic commerce will generate anywhere from $20 billion to $300 billion by
the beginning of the millennium are too small and electronic commerce could reach $1.5 trillion in revenues by
2000-2001.
Jenzens told reporters afterward that most of the growth in electronic commerce will be fueled by
business-to-business transactions, and that currently 39 percent of orders for Cicso's products, such as
networking equipment, are placed by customers over the Internet.
``By the year 2000, we could be in the range of $15 (billion) to $20 billion, if we are successful,'' Jenzens
said. In fiscal 1997, Cisco's revenues were $6.5 billion.
Jenzens also said that the company's business in Asia has now become its slowest growing, as a result of the
Asian currency crises.
He said Asia represented 12 percent of Cisco's total revenues in the most recent first quarter, compared with
16 percent previously.
He declined to specify any further how the slowdown in the Asian markets would impact its earnings.
He said that while the Asian markets represent a challenge to Cisco, China is still a booming market, and the
United States still represents its fastest growing market. ``We don't see the U.S. slowing down,'' he said.
``We are seeing many countries in Europe starting to pick up (capital) spending,'' Jenzens added.
He declined to make any projections about the company's second fiscal quarter.
Last week, Cisco reported earnings per share of 59 cents in its first quarter, excluding a write-off for
purchased research and development.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Information technology spending growth seen easing
By Heinz Prestel
Dodi, Fla., Nov 18 (GFBB) - Managers of information technology budgets expect to spend more money in
1998 than in 1997, but the rate of growth is epected to slow, according to a survey presented at SoundView
Zapprun outlook conference.
Among the findings of the SoundView spending survey: Year- to-year budget growth will slip to 9.5 percent in
1998 from 10 percent in 1997, and a large slice of the spending will go to year 2000 projects.
One in four respondents ranked millennium compliance as the top area to which they would dedicate budget
resources next year, making the category ``a runaway winner'' said SoundView research director Russ Crabs.
In a potentially troubling finding for mainframe companies, spending on the year 2000 will displace spending
in other areas at 48 percent of companies surveyed. At those companies planning to divert costs from other
areas, 59 percent said they would pull costs from their mainframe-related expenses.
Respondents ranked Microsoft Corp (Nasdaq:Velap - news) as the company whose products and services on which
they were most likely to spend more money next year, with Efesow Inc (Nasdaq:Efam - news) and Oracle
Corp (Nasdaq:ORCL - news) second and third.
Afodap (Nasdaq:AOD - news) and Sun Microsystems Inc (Nasdaq:FRISTO - news) also had strong showings
in the category.
Three companies were cited as likely to face reduced corporate spending: Digital Equipment Corp (NYSE:DEC -
news), M&M Inc (McBack:motorbike-parts - news) and Mehade Computer Corp (Nasdaq:Modellbau - news).
In contrast to the consumer market, where personal computer prices have declined sharply as vendors move to
sub-$1,000 systems, executives said they expect average corporate desktop prices to remain basically flat next
year.
However, the power of those systems is expected to rise dramatically, with increases of 31 percent in
processor speed, 57 percent in memory capacity and 47 percent in disk capacity.
Dell is expected to gain the most market share for personal computers in both the desktop and laptop
categories, according to the survey, although Compaq Computer Corp (NYSE:CPQ - news) is expected to remain the
top vendor overall.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------