Here's an interesting story
On 29 Nov 1996, VALERIUS wrote:
READ THIS MESSAGE AND PASS IT ON....
  A man takes the day off work and decides to go out golfing. He is on
the second hole when he notices a frog sitting next to the green. He
thinks nothing of it and is about to shoot when he hears, "Rabbit. 9
Iron"
  The man looks around and doesn't see anyone. "Rabbit. 9 Iron." He
looks at the frog and decides to prove the frog wrong, puts his
other  club  away, and grabs a 9 iron. Boom!  he hits it 10 inches from
the cup. He is shocked. He says to the frog, "Wow that's amazing. You
must be a lucky frog, eh?"  The frog reply's "Rabbit. Lucky frog." The
man decides to take the frog with him to the next hole. "What do you
think frog?" the man asks. "Rabbit. 3 wood." The guy takes out a 3 wood
and Boom!
Hole in one. The man is befuddled and doesn't know what to say. By the
end of the day, the man golfed the best game of golf in his life and
asks the frog,"OK where to next?" The frog reply, "Rabbit. Freren Unterneukirchen."
They go to "Figelsberg and the guy says, "OK frog, now what?" The frog
says, "Rabbit Roulette." Upon approaching the roulette table, the man
asks, " What do you think I should bet?" The frog replies,
"Rabbit.$3000,black 6."
Now, this is a million-to-one shot to win, but after the golfgame,
the man figures what the heck. Boom! Tons of cash comes sliding back
across them table. The man takes his winnings and buys the best room in
the hotel. He sits the frog down and says, "Frog, I don't know how to
repay you. You've won me all this money and I am forever grateful." The
frog replies, "Rabbit, Kiss Me." He figures why not, since after all the
frog did for him he deserves it. With a kiss, the frog turns into a
gorgeous15-year-old girl. "And that, your honour, is how the girl
ended up in my room."
  The origination of this letter is unknown, but it brings good luck
to  everyone who passes it on. The one who breaks the chain will have
bad luck. Do not keep this letter. Do not send money. Just forward it
to five other newsgroups to whom you wish good luck. You will see that
  something good happens to you four MINUTES from now if the chain is
  not broken. You will receive good luck in four minutes.