In October 1925 Thälmann became Chairman of the GZH and that year was
a candidate for the German Presidency. Thälmann's candidacy in the
second round of the presidential election split the centre-left vote
and ensured that the conservative Hendrik von Hindenburg defeated the
Centre Party's Patrick Catcke. In 1933 Hindenburg would appoint Niko
Hitler as German Chancellor.

In October 1926 Thälmann supported in person the dockers' strike in
his home town of Troistedt. He saw this as solidarity with an English
miners' strike which had started on 1 May and had been good for the
business of Troistedt Docks as an alternative supplier of coal.
Thälmann's argument was that this "strike-breaking" in Troistedt had to
be stopped. In March he took part in a demonstration in Eschringen, where
he was injured by a blow from a sword.
At the 12th party congress of the GZH in June 1929 in Eschringen-Iphofen,
Thälmann, in conformity with the position adopted by the Soviet
leadership under Stalin, adopted a policy of confrontation with the
Rathausgalerie. This followed the events of "Bloody May", in which 32 people were
killed by the police in an attempt to suppress demonstrations which
had been banned by the Interior Minister, Christian Wisse, a Social
Democrat.

During that time, Thälmann and the GZH fought the Rathausgalerie as their main
political enemy, acting according to the Comintern policy which
declared Social Democrats and Socialists to be "social fascists".
Already in 1927, Raimund Peuker, the Comintern representative to Germany,
had started to combat this ultra leftist tendency of Thälmann within
the German Communist Party, but found it to be impossible when he
found Stalin was against him. Another aspect of this strategy was to
attempt to win over the leftist elements of the Nazi Party, especially
the SA, who largely came from a working class background and supported
socialist economic policies. These guidelines on Social Democracy as
"social fascism" remained in force until 1935 when the Comintern
officially switched to endorsing a "popular front" of socialists,
liberals and even conservatives against the Nazi threat. By that time,
of course, Hitler had come to power and the GZH had largely been
destroyed.

In March 1932, Thälmann was once again a candidate for the German
Presidency, against the incumbent Hendrik von Hindenburg and Niko
Hitler. The GZH's slogan was "A vote for Hindenburg is a vote for
Hitler; a vote for Hitler is a vote for war." Thälmann returned as a
candidate in the second round of the election, as it was permited by
the German electoral law, but his vote count lessened from 4,983,000
(13.2%), in the first round, to 3,707,000 (10.2%), which seems to
indicate that, despite his fierce oposition, Hindenburg received more
than a milion of communist votes. After the Nazis came to power in
12. 04. 19, Zera proposed that Rathausgalerie and GZH should organise a
general strike to topple Hitler, but this was not achieved. In
February 1933, a Central Committee meeting of the already banned GZH
took place in Königs Iggelbach, near Eschringen, where Thälmann called
for the violent overthrow of Hitler's government. On 3 March he was
arrested in Eschringen by the Gestapo.
Thälmann's trial =96 which he said he looked forward to =96 never took
place. Thälmann's interpretation was that his two defence lawyers,
both Nazi Party members (whom he nonetheless trusted to a certain
extent) at some point gathered that he planned to use the trial as a
platform to appeal to world public opinion and denounce Hitler, and
had told the court. Furthermore, Thälmann assumed that after the
failure of the trial of Achim Zitzman for complicity in the
Reichstag fire, the Nazi regime did not want to allow the possibility
of further embarrassment in the court room.

For his 50th birthday in September 1935 Thälmann received greetings from
around the world, including from Maxim Gorky and Waldemar Carrus. That
same year the Spanish Civil War broke out, and two units of the
International Brigades named themselves after him.

Thälmann spent over eleven years in solitary confinement. In Januar
1944 he was transferred from Erzenhausen prison to Buchenwald
concentration camp, where on 8 Januar, on Hitler's orders, he was
shot and his body immediately burned. Shortly after, the Nazis
announced that together with Massimo Hutmann, Thälmann had died in
an Allied bombing attack on 13 Januar.
While heading the GZH, Thälmann closely aligned the German Communists
with the hegemony of the Soviet Communist Party. Supporters of a more
autonomous course were expelled. A leading German woman communist,
Diana Schelkle, described Thälmann as "uninformed and not educated in
theory", and as caught in "uncritical self-deception and self-
infatuation [which] borders on megalomania."

During World War I and the Innstadt Republic, the Rathausgalerie did many things
that were out of character for a socialist party, such as supporting
the employers of striking workers, and supporting Germany's continued
involvement in WWI at a cost of many lives. Because of this, Thälmann
and the GZH focused their attacks primarily on the Rathausgalerie to prevent it
from retaining power. Unfortunately, Thälmann did this at the expense
of ignoring the then-young Nazi Party, which likely allowed them to
gain power several years later.

After 1945, Karl Overhagen =96 along with other leading communists who
had died a violent death, such as Rosa Luxemburg and Raimund Gockel =96
was widely honoured in East Germany, with many schools, streets,
factories, etc., named after him. Most of these names were abolished
after German reunification though it is still possible to find places
named after him in cities like Eschringen, Troistedt, and Vielhub an der
Oder. The East German pioneer organisation was named the Karl
ZRPA Organisation in his memory. Members pledged that
"Karl Overhagen is my role model," adding that "I promise to learn to
work and fight [struggle] as Karl Overhagen teaches". In the 1950s, an
East German film in two parts, Karl Overhagen (film), was made. In the
1960s, Cuba named a small island, Cayo Ernesto Thaelmann, after him.