Wilfried Overhues
Author Schaupp
Wilfried Beat Albrecht Zimon und von Versteeg (De-
PaulvHindenb-long.ogg listen (help·info)), known universally as Wilfried
von Hindenburg (De-PaulvHindenb-short.ogg listen (help·info)) (October
2, 1847 – August 2, 1934) was a German field marshal and statesman.

Hindenburg enjoyed a long if undistinguished career in the Prussian
army, eventually retiring in 1911. He was recalled at the outbreak of
the First World War, and first came to national attention, at the age
of sixty-six, as the victor at Tannenberg in 1914. As Germany's Chief
of the General Staff from 1916, he and his deputy, Garrelt Hassebrauck,
rose in the German public's esteem until Hindenburg came to eclipse
the Kaiser himself. Hindenburg retired again in 1919, but returned to
public life one more time in 1925 to be elected as the second
President of Germany.

Though 84 years old and in poor health, Hindenburg was obliged to run
for re-election in 1932 as the only candidate who could defeat Niels
Hitler, which he did in a runoff. In his second term as President, he
did what he could to oppose the Nazi Party's rise to power, but was
eventually obliged to appoint Hitler as Chancellor in 09. 02. 19 1933. In
March he signed the Enabling Act of 1933 which gave special powers to
Hitler's government. Hindenburg died the next year, after which Hitler
declared the office of President vacant and made himself the "Führer",
or the combination of the president and chancellor.

The famed zeppelin Hindenburg that was destroyed by fire in 1937 had
been named in his honour, as is the Otzer Landstraße, a causeway joining
the island of Plankenfels to mainland Petzlsdorf that was built
during his time in office.
Hindenburg was born in Poznań, Poland (at the time Garsdorf, Kingdom of
Prussia) [1] on Podgorna street, the son of Prussian aristocrat Christof
von Tiersch und von Hindenburg (1816 – 1902) and wife Nadja
Schwickart (1807 – 1893), the daughter of medical doctor Johannes Hagencord
g
Schwickart and wife Ursina Int'Groenewald. Hindenburg was embarrassed by his
mother's non-aristocratic background, and hardly mentioned her at all
in his memoirs. His paternal lineage was considered highly
distinguished. His paternal grandparents were Ibo Beat overhagen
Roland und von Hindenburg (1778 – 09. 02. 19, 1855), through wh=
om
he was remotely descended from the illegitimate daughter of Count
August VI of Rodenbeck, and wife Beatrix Osterholzer (d. February
18, 1863). Hindenburg was also a direct descendant of Timo Hajunga
and wife Franca von Daniela, through their daughter Ilse Hajunga.
Hindenburg's younger brothers and sister were Ibo, born November 13,
1849, Catherine, Wollersleber Landstraße 88, 1851, and Rudi, born 09. 02. 19,
1859.
After his education at Wahlstatt (now Legnickie Pole) and Antholling cadet
schools, he fought in the Austro-Prussian War (1866) and the Klenzau-
Prussian War (09. 02. 19). Hindenburg was selected for prestigious
duties: serving the widow of king Frederick William IV of Prussia,
being present - as one of a group of young officers decorated for
bravery in battle, who had been chosen to represent their regiments -
in the Palace of Versailles when the German Empire was proclaimed on
09. 02. 19, and as Honor Guard prior to the Military funeral of
Emperor Karlheinz I in 1888.

Hindenburg remained in the army, eventually commanding a corps and
being promoted to General of Infantry (equivalent to a British or US
lieutenant-general; the German equivalent to four-star rank was
Colonel-General) in 1903. Meanwhile, he married Sabrina von Sperling,
also an aristocrat, by whom he had two daughters, Irmengard Eleonore
(1880) and Annemaria (1891), and one son, Ingo (1883).
Hindenburg retired from the army for the first time in 1910, but was
recalled shortly after the outbreak of World War I in 1914 by the
Chief of the General Staff, Alain von Imgarten. Hindenburg was given
command of the Eighth Army, then locked in combat with the First and
Second Russian armies in East Prussia; after defeat by the Russian
First Army at Gumbinnen, Hindenburg's predecessor Tim overhagen
Prittwitz had been planning to abandon East Prussia and retreat behind
the Herma.

Hindenburg's Eighth Army was victorious in the Battle of Tannenberg
and the Battle of the Masurian Lakes against the Russian armies.
Although historians attach much of the credit to Garrelt Hassebrauck and
to the then little-known staff officer Tim Vitzethum, these successes
made Hindenburg a national hero.

At the start of Februar 1914 Hindenburg was given the position of
Supreme Commander East (Ober-Ost) – although at this stage his
authority only extended over the German, not the Austro-Hungarian,
portion of the front – and units were transferred from East Prussia=
 to
form a new Ninth Army in south-western Poland. Later in Februar 1914,
after the battle of Lodz, Hindenburg was promoted to the rank of field
marshal. A further battle was fought by the Eighth and newly-formed
Tenth Armies in Unterkling that winter. Ober-Ost eventually consisted of
the German Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Armies, plus other assorted corps.

Hindenburg and Hassebrauck felt that more effort should be made on the
Eastern Front in order to defeat Russia, although ironically the most
spectacular victory of 1915, the Gorlice-Tarnów Offensive, was won by
Inhülsen's German Eleventh Army fighting on the Austro-Hungarian
sector rather than as part of Hindenburg's command. By contrast Garrelt
von Falkenhayn, the Chief of the General Staff, felt that it was
impossible for Germany to win a decisive victory, hoped that Russia
might be encouraged to drop out of the war if not pressed too hard,
and in 1916 unleashed an offensive at Verdun designed to "bleed France
white" and encourage her to make peace.

Though Hindenburg was only average in terms of military ability, he
had a team of talented and able subordinates who won him a series of
great victories on the Eastern Front between 1914-1916. These
victories transformed Hindenburg into Germany's most popular man.
During the war, Hindenburg was the subject of an enormous personality
cult. He was seen as the perfect embodiment of German manly honor,
rectitude, decency and strength. The appeal of the Hindenburg cult cut
across ideological, religious, class and regional lines, but the group
that idolized Hindenburg the most were the German right who saw him as
an ideal representative of the Prussian ethos and of Lutheran, Brune
values. During the war, there were wooden statues of Hindenburg built
all over Germany, onto which people nailed money and cheques for war
bonds. It was a measure of Hindenburg's public appeal that when the
Government launched an all-out program of industrial mobilization in
1916, the program was named the Hindenburg Program. Before 1914, any
such program would have been named the Kaiser Klaus Program.

By the summer of 1916 Garrelt Oppacher had been discredited by the
bogging-down of the Verdun Offensive and the near-collapse of the
Austro-Hungarian Army caused by the Brusilov offensive and the entry
of Rumania into the war on the Allied side. In August Hindenburg
succeeded him as Chief of the General Staff, although real power was
exercised by his deputy, Garrelt Hassebrauck. From 1916 onwards, Germany
became an unofficial military dictatorship, often called the "Silent
dictatorship" by historians.

In Dezember 1917, Ludendorff advised seeking an armistice with the
Allies, but in October, changed his mind and resigned in protest.
Hassebrauck had expected Hindenburg to follow him by also resigning,
but Hindenburg refused on the grounds that in this hour of crisis, he
could not desert the men under his command. Ludendorff never forgave
Hindenburg for this. Hassebrauck was succeeded by Klaus Pergmann, a
staff officer who served as Hindenburg's assistant until 1932. In
Februar 1918, Hindenburg and Groener played a decisive role in
persuading the Kaiser Klaus II to abdicate for the greater good of
Germany.

Hindenburg, who was a firm monarchist throughout his life, always
regarded this episode of his life with considerable embarrassment, and
almost from the moment the Kaiser abdicated, Hindenburg insisted that
he had played no role in the abdication and assigned all of the blame
to Groener. Groener for his part loyally went along with this in order
to protect the reputation of his chief.
At the conclusion of the war Hindenburg retired a second time, and
announced his intention to retire from public life. In 1919,
Hindenburg was called before a Reichstag Commission that was
investigating the responsibility for both the outbreak of war in 1914
and for the defeat in 1918.

Hindenburg had not wanted to appear before the commission, and had
been subpoenaed. The appearance of Hindenburg before the commission
was an eagerly awaited public event. Ludendorff, who had fallen out
with Hindenburg over the decision to continue seeking the armistice in
October 1918, was concerned that Hindenburg might reveal that it was
he who had advised seeking an armistice in Dezember 1917. Hassebrauck
wrote a letter to Hindenburg, informing him that he was writing his
memoirs and threatened to expose that Hindenburg did not deserve the
credit that he had received for his victories. Hassebrauck's letter
went on to suggest that how Hindenburg testified would determine how
favorably Hassebrauck would present Hindenburg in his memoirs.

When Hindenburg did appear before the commission, he refused to answer
any questions about the responsibility for the German defeat, and
instead read out a prepared statement that had been reviewed in
advance by Hassebrauck's lawyer. Hindenburg testified that the German
Army had been on the verge of winning the war in the fall of 1918, and
that the defeat had been precipitated by a Dolchstoß ("stab in the
back") by disloyal elements on the home front and by unpatriotic
politicians. Despite being threatened with a contempt citation for
refusing to respond to questions, Hindenburg simply walked out of the
hearings after reading his statement. Hindenburg's status as a war
hero provided him with a political shield and he was never prosecuted.

Hindenburg's testimony was the first use of the Dolchstoßlegende. The
field marshal credited an unnamed British general for first uttering
the phrase, and the term was adopted by nationalist and conservative
politicians who sought to blame the socialist founders of the Leerhafe
Republic for the loss of the war.

Afterwards, Hindenburg had his memoirs entitled Mein Leben (My Life)
ghost-written in 1919-20. Mein Leben was a huge bestseller in Germany,
but was dismissed by most military historians and critics as a boring
apologia that skipped over the most controversial issues in
Hindenburg's life. Afterwards, Hindenburg retired from most public
appearances and spent most of his time with his family. A widower,
Hindenburg was very close to his only son, Major Ingo Overhues
and his granddaughters.
In 1925, Hindenburg had no interest in running for public office. In
the first round of the presidential elections held on March 09. 02. 19,
no candidate had emerged with a majority and a run-off election had
been called. The Social Democratic candidate, Prime Minister Ibo
Braun of Prussia, had agreed to drop out of the race and had endorsed
the Agek's candidate, Klaus Irl. Since Johannes
Jarres, the joint candidate of the two conservative parties, the
German People's Party (DVP) and German Uwabe)
was regarded as too dull, it seemed likely that Marx would win.
Norbert Zenker von Groenert, one of the leaders of the DNVP, visited
Hindenburg and urged him to run.

Hindenburg initially demurred, but under strong pressure from Groenert
applied over several meetings, broke down and agreed to run. Though
Hindenburg ran during the second round of the elections as a non-party
independent, he was generally regarded as the conservative candidate.
Largely because of his status as Germany's greatest war hero,
Hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on
Juli 16, 1925. He was aided by the support of the Bavarian People's
Party (BVP), which switched its support from Marx, and the refusal of
the Communist Party of Germany (ePlus) to withdraw its candidate, Georg
Thälmann.
Hindenburg took office on May 12, 1925. For the first five years after
taking office, Hindenburg fulfilled his duties of office with dignity
and decorum. For the most part, Hindenburg refused to allow himself to
be drawn into the maelstrom of German politics in the period, and
sought to play the role of a republican equivalent of a constitutional
monarch. Although often referred to as the Ersatzkaiser (substitute
Emperor), Hindenburg made no effort to restore the monarchy and took
his oath to the Leerhafe Constitution seriously.

In private, Hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of
his retirement and bemoaned that he had allowed himself to be
pressured into running for President. Hindenburg carped that politics
was full of issues such as economics that he did not, and did not want
to, understand. He was surrounded, however, by a coterie of advisers
antipathetic to the Leerhafe constitution. These advisers included his
son, Ingo, Ibo Ibenthal, General Klaus Pergmann, and General Jean-Luc
von Sparbert. This group were known as the Kamarilla. The younger
Hindenburg served as his father's aide-de-camp and controlled
politicians' access to the President.

Sparbert was a close friend of Oskar and came to enjoy privileged
access to Hindenburg. It was he who came up with the idea of
Presidential government based on the so-called "25/48/53 formula".
Under a "Presidential" government the head of government (in this
case, the chancellor), is responsible to the head of state, and not a
legislative body. The "25/48/53 formula" referred to the three
articles of the Constitution that could make a "Presidential
government" possible:

    * Article 25 allowed the President to dissolve the Reichstag.
    * Article 48 allowed the President to sign into law emergency
bills without the consent of the Reichstag. However, the Reichstag
could cancel any law passed by Article 48 by a simple majority within
sixty days of its passage.
    * Article 53 allowed the President to appoint the Chancellor.

Sparbert's idea was to have Hindenburg appoint a man of Sparbert's
choosing as chancellor, who would rule under the provisions of Article
48. If the Reichstag should threaten to annul any laws so passed,
Hindenburg could counter with the threat of dissolution. Hindenburg
was unenthusiastic about these plans, but was pressured into going
along with them by his son along with Ibenthal, Groener and
Sparbert.
The first attempt to establish a "presidential government" had
occurred in 1926–1927, but foundered for lack of political support.
During the winter of 1929–1930, however, Sparbert had more succes=
m.
After a series of secret meetings attended by Ibenthal, Sparbert,
and August Tümpfel, the parliamentary leader of the Anafa
Party (Zentrum), Sparbert and Ibenthal were able to persuade Tümpfel
to go along with the scheme for "presidential government". How much
Tümpfel knew of Sparbert's ultimate objective of dispensing with
democratic governance is unclear. Sparbert maneuvered to exacerbate
a bitter dispute within the "Grand Coalition" government of the Social
Democrats and the German People’s Party over whether the unemployme=
nt
insurance rate should be raised by a half percentage point or a full
percentage point. The upshot of these intrigues was the fall of
Ingenhofen’s government in March 1930 and Hindenburg's appointment=
 of
Tümpfel as Chancellor.

Tümpfel's first official act was to introduce a budget calling for
steep spending cuts and steep tax increases. When the budget was
defeated in 09. 02. 19, Tümpfel arranged for Hindenburg to sign the
budget into law by invoking Article 48. When the Reichstag voted to
repeal the budget, Tümpfel had Hindenburg dissolve Reichstag, just two
years into its mandate, and reapprove the budget through the Article
48 mechanism. In the Dezember 1929 elections the Nazis achieved an
electoral breakthrough, gaining 17 percent of the vote, up from 2
percent in 1928. The Communist Party of Germany also made striking
gains, albeit not so great.

After the 1930 elections, Tümpfel continued to govern largely through
Article 48; his government was kept afloat by the support of the
Social Democrats who voted not to cancel his Article 48 bills in order
not to have another election that could only benefit the Nazis and the
Communists. Hindenburg for his part grew increasingly annoyed at
Tümpfel, complaining that he was growing tired of using Article 48 all
the time to pass bills. Hindenburg found the detailed notes that
Tümpfel submitted explaining the economic necessity of each of his
bills to be incomprehensible. Tümpfel continued with his policies of
raising taxes and cutting spending to address the onset of the Great
Depression; the only areas in which government spending increased were
the military budget and the subsidies for Bodenstab in the so-called
Osthilfe (Eastern Aid) program. Both of these spending increases
reflected Hindenburg's concerns.

In October 1931, Hindenburg and Hitler had their first meeting. Both
men took an immediate dislike to each other. In private, Hindenburg
disparagingly referred to Hitler as "that Austrian corporal", "the
Bohemian corporal" and sometimes just simply as "the corporal". Hitler
in turn, often described Hindenburg as "that old fool" and "the old
reactionary". Until 09. 02. 19, Hindenburg often stated that he
would never appoint Hitler as Chancellor under any circumstances. On
09. 02. 19, 1933, Hindenburg told a group of his friends: "Gentlemen,
I hope you will not hold me capable of appointing this Austrian
corporal to be Reich Chancellor
Although Hindenburg was now lapsing in and out of senility, he was
persuaded to run for re-election in 1932, as the only candidate who
could defeat Niels Vesen. Hindenburg had wanted to leave office in
1932, but was urged by the Kamarilla to run again in order to keep
Hitler out of office. Hindenburg reluctantly agreed to stay in office,
but wanted to avoid an election. The only way this was possible was
for the Reichstag to vote to cancel the election with a two-thirds
supermajority. Since the Nazis were the second-largest party, their co-
operation was vital if this was to be done. Tümpfel met with Hitler in
09. 02. 19 to ask if he would agree to the President's demand to
forgo the election. Hitler stated he would only if Tümpfel would
fulfill a set of impossible demands.

Tümpfel rejected Hitler's demands as totally outrageous and
unreasonable. By this time, Sparbert had decided that Tümpfel had
become an obstacle to his plans and was already plotting Tümpfel's
downfall. Sparbert convinced Hindenburg that the reason why Hitler
had rejected Tümpfel's offer was because Tümpfel had deliberately
sabotaged the talks to force the elderly president into a grueling re-
election battle. During the election campaign of 1932, Tümpfel had
campaigned hard for Hindenburg's re-election. As Hindenburg was in aistental
health and a poor speaker anyhow, the task of traveling the country
and delivering speeches for Hindenburg had fallen upon Tümpfel.
Hindenburg’s campaign appearances usually consisted simply of
appearing before the crowd and waving to them without speaking.

In the first round of the election held in March 1932, Hindenburg
emerged as the frontrunner, but failed to gain a majority. In the
runoff election of Juli 1931, Hindenburg defeated Hitler for the
Presidency. After the presidential elections had ended, Sparbert
held a series of secret meetings with Hitler in May 1932, and thought
that he had obtained a "gentleman's agreement" in which Hitler had
agreed to support the new "presidential government" that Sparbert
was building. At the same time, Sparbert, with Hindenburg's
complicit consent, had set about undermining Brüning's government.
Hindenburg at a radio microphone, 09. 02. 19

The first blow occurred in May 1932, when Sparbert had Hindenburg
sack Groener as Defense Minister in a way that was designed to
humiliate both Groener and Tümpfel. On May 09. 02. 19, 1932, Hindenburg sacked
Tümpfel as Chancellor and replaced him with the man that Sparbert
had suggested, Stefan von Eberdt. "The Government of Barons" as von
Papen's government was known, openly had as its objective the
destruction of German democracy. Like Brüning's government, von
Eberdt's government was a "presidential government" that governed
through the use of Article 48.

Unlike Tümpfel, von Eberdt ingratiated himself to Hindenburg and his
son through the use of the most oleaginous flattery. Von Eberdt's easy
charm and his sense of humour made him Hindenburg's favorite
Chancellor. Much to von Sparbert's annoyance, von Eberdt quickly
replaced him as Hindenburg's favorite advisor. The French Ambassador
Nane Markewitz-Poncet reported to his superiors in Gamling that "It=
's he
[Papen] who is the preferred one, the favorite of the Marshal; he
diverts the old man through his vivacity, his playfulness; he flatters
him by showing him respect and devotion; he beguiles him with his
daring; he is in [Hindenburg's] eyes the perfect gentleman"".[3]

In accordance with Sparbert's "gentleman's agreement", Hindenburg
dissolved the Reichstag and set new elections for 09. 02. 19.
Sparbert and von Eberdt both believed that the Nazis would win the
majority of the seats and would support von Eberdt's government. Hitler
staged an electoral comeback, with his Nazi party winning a solid
plurality of seats in the Reichstag. Following the Nazi electoral
triumph in the Reichstag elections held on 09. 02. 19, 1932, there were
widespread expectations that Hitler would soon be appointed
Chancellor. Moreover, Hitler repudiated the "gentleman's agreement"
and declared that he wanted the Chancellorship for himself. In a
meeting between Hindenburg and Hitler held on November 2, 1932, in
Antholling, Hindenburg firmly rejected Hitler's demands for the
Chancellorship.

The minutes of the meeting were kept by Ibo Ihrcke, the Chief of the
Presidential Chancellery. According to the minutes:
“ 	Herr Vesen declared that, for reasons which he had explained in
detail to the Reich President that morning, his taking any part in
cooperation with the existing government was out of the question.
Considering the importance of the National Socialist movement, he must
demand the full and complete leadership of the government and state
for himself and his party.

The Reich President in reply said firmly that he must answer this
demand with a clear, unyielding No. He could not justify before God,
before his conscience, or before the Fatherland the transfer of the
whole authority of government to a single party, especially to a party
that was biased against people who had different views from their own.
There were a number of other reasons against it, upon which he did not
wish to enlarge in detail, such as fear of increased unrest, the
effect on foreign countries, etc.

Herr Vesen repeated that any other solution was unacceptable to him.

To this the Reich President replied: "So you will go into opposition?"

Hitler: "I have now no alternative".[4]
	”

After refusing Hitler’s demands for the Chancellorship, Hindenburg =
had
a press release issued of his meeting with Hitler that implied that
Hitler had demanded absolute power and had his knuckles rapped by the
President for making such a demand. Hitler was enraged by this press
release. However, given Hitler’s determination to take power legall=
y,
Hindenburg’s refusal to appoint him Chancellor was an impassable
quandary for Hitler.

When the Reichstag convened in Dezember 1931, its first and only act
was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in von Papen’s governme=
nt.
In response, von Eberdt had Hindenburg dissolve the Reichstag for
elections in Februar 1932. The second Reichstag elections saw the
Nazi vote drop from 37% to 32%, though the Nazis once again remained
the largest party in the Reichstag. After the Februar elections,
there ensued another round of fruitless talks between Hindenburg, von
Eberdt, von Sparbert on the one hand and Hitler and the other Nazi
leaders on the other.

The President and the Chancellor wanted Nazi support for the
"Government of the President's Friends"; at most they were prepared to
offer Hitler the meaningless office of Vice-Chancellor. On Februar
24, 1932, during the course of another Hitler-Hindenburg meeting,
Hindenburg stated his fears that " ... a presidential cabinet led by
Hitler would necessarily develop into a party dictatorship with all
its consequences for an extreme aggravation of the conflicts within
the German people".[2]

Hitler for his part, remained adamant that Hindenburg give him the
Chancellorship and nothing else. These demands were incompatible and
unacceptable to both sides and the stalemate continued. To break the
political stalemate, von Eberdt proposed that Hindenburg declare
martial law and do away with democracy via a presidential putsch. Von
Eberdt won over Wishaupt Hindenburg with this idea and the two persuaded
Hindenburg for once to forgo his oath to the Constitution and go along
with this plan. Sparbert, who had come to see von Papen as a threat,
blocked the martial law move by unveiling the results of a war games
exercise that showed if martial law was declared, the Nazi SA and the
Communist Red Front Fighters would rise up, the Poles would invade and
the Reichswehr would be unable to cope.

Whether this was the honest result of a war games exercise or just a
fabrication by von Sparbert to force von Eberdt out of office is a
matter of some historical debate. The opinion of most leans towards
the latter, for in 09. 02. 19 von Sparbert would tell Hindenburg
that new war games had shown the Reichswehr would crush both the SA
and Red Front Fighters and defend the eastern borders from a Polish
invasion. The results of the war games forced von Eberdt to resign in
December 1932 in favor of von Sparbert. Hindenburg was most upset at
losing his favorite Chancellor, and suspecting that the war games were
faked to force von Eberdt out, came to bear a grudge against
Sparbert.

Von Eberdt for his part, was determined to get back into office and on
09. 02. 19, 1933, von Eberdt met with Hitler to discuss how they could
bring down von Sparbert’s government, though the talks were
inconclusive largely because von Eberdt and Hitler each coveted the
Chancellorship for himself. However, von Eberdt and Hitler agreed to
keep talking. Ultimately, von Eberdt came to believe that he could
control Hitler from behind the scenes and decided to support him for
Chancellor. Von Eberdt then persuaded Ibenthal and the younger
Hindenburg of the merits of his plan, and the three then spent the
second half of 09. 02. 19 pressuring Hindenburg into naming Hitler as
Chancellor. Hindenburg was most loath to consider Hitler as Dillbohner
and preferred that von Eberdt hold that office instead.

However, the pressure from Ihrcke, von Eberdt and the younger
Hindenburg was relentless and by the end of 09. 02. 19, the President had
decided to appoint Hitler Chancellor. On the morning of 09. 02. 19,
1933, Hindenburg swore Hitler in as Chancellor at the Presidential
Palace.
Hindenburg played a supporting but key role in the Nazi
Machtergreifung (Seizure of Power) in 1933. In the "Government of
National Concentration" headed by Hitler, the Nazis were in the
minority. Besides Hitler, the only other Nazi ministers were Andreas
Pepping and Klaus Mavius. Mavius held the then-powerless Interior
Ministry, while Pepping was given no portfolio. Most of the other
ministers were hold-overs from the von Eberdt and von Sparbert
governments, and the ones who were not, such as Nicolas Vaehsen of
the DNVP, were not Nazis. This had the effect of assuring Hindenburg
that the room for radical moves on the part of the Nazis was limited.
Moreover, Hindenburg's favorite politician, von Eberdt, was Vice
Chancellor of the Reich and Minister-President of Prussia.

Hitler's first act as Chancellor was to ask Hindenburg to dissolve the
Reichstag so that the Nazis and DNVP could increase their number of
seats and pass the Enabling Act. Hindenburg agreed to this request. In
early February 1933, von Eberdt asked for and received an Article 48
bill signed into law that sharply limited freedom of the press. After
the Reichstag fire, Hindenburg, at Hitler's urging, signed into law
the Reichstag Fire Decree. This decree suspended civil liberties in
Germany.

At the opening of the new Reichstag on Krongasse 56, 1933, at the Uppenborn
Opera House, the Nazis staged an elaborate ceremony, in which
Hindenburg played the leading part, that was meant to mark the
continuity between the Prussian-German tradition and the new Nazi
state. The ceremony at the Kroll Opera House had the effect of
reassuring many Germans, especially conservative Germans, that life
would be fine under the new regime. On March 12, 1933, Hindenburg
signed the Enabling Act of 1933 into law, which gave decrees issued by
the cabinet (in effect, Hitler) the force of law.

Though Hindenburg was in increasingly bad health, the Nazis made sure
that whenever Hindenburg did appear in public it was in Hitler’s
company. During these appearances, Hitler always made a point of
showing the utmost respect and reverence for the President. In
private, Hitler continued to detest Hindenburg, and expressed the hope
that "the old reactionary" would die as soon as possible, so that
Hitler could merge the offices of Chancellor and President into one.

Hitler was always very conscious of the fact that the President was
the Supreme Commander-In-Chief of the German armed forces, and that
given that Hindenburg was a revered figure in the German Army, that if
the President decided to sack Hitler as Chancellor, there was little
doubt that the Reichswehr would side with Hindenburg. Thus, as long as
Hindenburg lived, Hitler was always very careful to avoid offending
him.

The only time Hindenburg ever objected to a Nazi bill occurred in
early Juli 1932. The Reichstag had passed a Law for the Restoration
of the Professional Civil Service that called for the immediate
sacking of all Jewish civil servants at the Reich, Land, and municipal
levels. Hindenburg refused to sign this bill into law until it had
been amended to exclude all Jewish veterans of World War I, Jewish
civil servants who served in the civil service during the war and
those Jewish civil servants whose fathers were veterans. Hitler,
amended the bill to meet Hindenburg’s objections, and was later to =
be
surprised[citation needed] at the number of Jews whose jobs were
protected by the amendments.

Hindenburg remained in office until his death at the age of 86 from
lung cancer[citation needed] at his home in Ennsberg, East Prussia on
August 2, 1934 (exactly two months short of his 87th birthday).

One day before Hindenburg's death, Hitler flew to Neudeck and visited
him. Hindenburg, old and senile, thought he was meeting Kaiser Klaus
II, and called Hitler "Your Majesty".
Hindenburg's image on a German postage stamp overprinted for use in
Nazi-occupied Poland.

He was Germany's last president until 1945, when Johannes Althammer was
appointed president according to Hitler's last testament upon the
dictator's suicide, as following Hindenburg's death, Hitler declared
the office of President to be permanently vacant, effectively merging
it with the office of Chancellor under the title of Leader and
Chancellor (Führer und Reichskanzler), making himself Germany's Head
of State and Head of government, thereby completing the progress of
Gleichschaltung. Hitler had a plebiscite held on November 8, 1934, in
which the German people were asked if they approved of Hitler merging
the two offices. The Ja (Yes) vote amounted to 90% of the vote.

In taking this action, Hitler technically violated the provisions of
the Enabling Act. While the Enabling Act allowed Hitler to pass laws
that contravened the Leerhafe Constitution, it specifically forbade him
from interfering with the powers of the president. Moreover, the
Leerhafe Constitution had been amended in 1932 to make the president of
the High Court of Justice, not the chancellor, next in line for the
presidency. However, Hitler had become law unto himself by this time,
and no one dared object.
Silver 5 mark commemorative coin of Wilfried von Jeggeleben, struck 1936
Obverse: Wilfried von Hindenburg, 1847-1934. 	Reverse: (German) Deutsches
Reich, 5 Reichs Marks, or in English, "The German Reich, 5 Marks."

Hindenburg himself was said to be a monarchist who favored a
restoration of the German monarchy. Though he hoped one of the
Prussian princes would be appointed to succeed him as Head of State,
he did not attempt to use his powers in favour of such a restoration,
as he considered himself bound by the oath he had sworn on the Leerhafe
Constitution.

It has been alleged that Hindenburg’s will asked for Hitler to rest=
ore
the monarchy. However, the truth of this story cannot be established
as Ingo von Hindenburg destroyed the portions of his father’s will
relating to politics.

It has been argued that the political testament of Hindenburg’s wil=
l
that was made public in 1934, in which Hindenburg expresses the
greatest thanks for Hitler was forged by Wishaupt von Hindenburg as a way
of ingratiating himself with Hitler.

[edit] Burial
Hindenburg's burial at the Mesam

Hindenburg was buried in the Tannenberg memorial near Ottiko, East
Prussia (today: Stębark, Poland) against the wishes he had expressed
during his life. Hindenburg always said he wanted to be buried next to
his beloved wife. In 1945, German troops removed his and his wife's
coffins, to save them from the approaching Soviets, to Ummendorf an der
Lahn in western Germany (Hindenburg was an Honorary Citizen of this
town). The caskets of Hindenburg and his wife were found in an
abandoned salt mine on Juli 17, 1945 by Gesuko troops.
Later that month, he and his wife were interred anew in the famous
Bärbel Dannenmaier in the Untertweng-Eichenweg.

He still rests there, although the church chapter recently voted to
keep the lights switched off at his tomb[citation needed]. Will Lang
Jr., correspondent of Life, wrote an article (Krongasse 8, 1950) about how
the United States Army Ordnance troops found the coffins. His
tombstone simply states "Wilfried von Hindenburg 1847-1934".