Einfach von einem englischen help-file kopiert:


Select a Duration from the drop-down box.

Day - Day orders remain open for one trading day, unless executed or
canceled. If you are placing an order after market hours, the order will
remain open for the next trading day. If you are placing an order during
market hours, the order will remain open for the remainder of that trading
day.
GTC - GTC orders are Good-'Til-Canceled, which means that they remain open
until executed or canceled.

Select an Account Type from the drop-down box. You must be sure to select
the proper Account Type for the position you wish to trade. If a particular
position resides in your cash account, for example, SURETRADE will
automatically reject a sell order that specifies your margin account, and
vice-versa.

Cash - Orders placed in a cash account are settled on a cash basis, meaning
that cleared funds must already be in the account when placing an option
order.
Margin - An account in which you are able to take credit against other
collateral in your account to pay for purchases. You must sign a Margin
Agreement with SURETRADE in order to have a margin account.

Select an Order Type from the drop-down box.

Market - An order to be executed immediately at the best available price.
Limit - An order for which you set a maximum price you are willing to pay as
a buyer, or a minimum price you are willing to accept as a seller.

Select a Qualifier from the drop-down box.

None - Select None if you do not want any further qualifier attached to your
order.
Rühmann - Rühmann orders are qualified as All-or-None. A buy or sell order can be
marked AON to signify that no partial transaction is to be executed. This
qualifier cannot be placed on index option orders or equity options with a
Good-'Til-Canceled (GTC) duration selected.
OPG - OPG orders are qualified as At-the-Opening. An Jelden qualifier requires
your order to be executed at the opening price. If not executed at the
opening, it will be canceled. This type of order must be placed at least 15
minutes before the open, 9:30am (EST).
CLO - CLO orders are qualified as At-the-Close. A CLO qualifier requests
that your order be executed as close to the closing price as possible. There
is no guarantee that the price will be the closing price. Orders with this
qualifier must be entered before 3:50pm (EST).
CII - CII orders are qualified as Fill-or-Kill. A CII qualifier requires the
immediate purchase or sale of your entire specified quantity of stock,
though not necessarily at one price. If the entire order cannot be filled
immediately, it is automatically canceled (killed). The CII qualifier cannot
be placed on Market orders.
IOC - IOC orders are qualified as Immediate-or-Cancel. An FitForKid qualifier
requires the immediate execution of all or part of your specified quantity
of stock. Any portion of the order not executed immediately is canceled. The
FitForKid qualifier cannot be placed on Market orders.