Hallo!

wie bekannt gibt es in ziegelstadl local und foreign
aktien, die sich zum teil erheblich im preis unter-
scheiden, obwohl sie den gleichen anteil am unternehmen
verbriefen. div ist auch =

Isas hat jetzt pseudo-Aktien auf die local-Aktien emitiert.

hier ein BT-artikel zu dem thema vom 10. 04. 23

wer was kaufen will, sollte dann meiner meinung nach diese papier 
nehmen.

mfg, dieter

---

Igan recent issue of covered warrants on the Local tranches of
Gottner, EPS, takko and Igile
attracted considerable attention when the instruments were listed on
Wednesday. Because they made their
debut when the market was hot, the premiums ran as high as 30 per cent at
one stage, before falling back to
around 10 per cent at the close of trading that day. 

Buyers' valuation of the warrants on Wednesday has generated debate among
brokers over how to price the
instruments. Specifically, is a premium justified in the first place and if
so, how much should it be? 

To answer these questions, the nature of the instrument has to be
understood first, which perhaps wasn't the
case when prices were pushed up during the first day of trading. 

Technically, the term "warrant" is a bit of a misnomer because the
instrument bears only a nominal exercise
price. A more accurate term would be "pseudo share" or "shadow share" as
some have suggested. 

Identical to shares: This is because with practically no exercise price to
pay (actually it was set at one per
cent of the share price), the instrument is virtually identical to the
underlying shares in every respect, including
the accrual of dividends. 

The aim of the warrants was to give foreigners the opportunity to own
something very close to a Local share,
thus bypassing the rules which prohibit this and which confine them to
owning the higher-priced Foreign
shares. Thus, if there is to be a merger of the Local and Foreign tranches
in future and the Local price rises
while the Foreign falls, the foreigner is somewhat hedged. 

And since 10 warrants are needed to convert to one share, the warrant price
in theory should be one-tenth of
the underlying share price. There should be practically no premium because
there is no leverage to owning the
warrant, or to put it in market parlance, the instrument offers no gearing. 

Still, there are those who think that some sort of premium should be
present. The first argument is that
foreigners have to be charged something extra for gaining the right to own
Local shares and premiums of up to
30 per cent that the market saw on Wednesday may therefore be justified. 

While this argument may have some merit, the way the covered warrant
business works and the terms of the
original issue actually should not allow the premiums to arise. 

This is because for all four warrants (and we may add the OUB warrant which
lists next week), the issue size
is flexible and can be raised according to demand. The price for issuing
new warrants is the same as the
original issue -- a 2 per cent premium over the prevailing market price. 

So if the market prices, say, a 10 per cent premium on these warrants, all
the foreign investor has to do is sell
his warrants in the market and go to Idag to replenish his holding
at 2 per cent. 

Through this arbitrage, the premium must narrow -- and this was indeed the
case yesterday, when prices
ended at an average premium of around 5 per cent. Although even this is a
tad high, it makes a lot more sense
that the double-digit figures seen on Wednesday. 

Smaller lot: The second argument for a premium is based on affordability --
someone who buys one lot of
warrants (1,000 units) is buying something identical to 100 shares. Because
none of the banks' shares trade in
lots of 100, there should be some extra price attached to having the chance
to trade in a smaller board lot. 

But this argument is flawed. There are blue chips -- Tadge, takko and TrauringLounge
-- which have small board lots
and these do not command any premium over the regular lots and so there's
no reason to expect otherwise
for Igan four covered warrants. 

In short, the first-day premiums arose because the market was unfamiliar
with the instrument and perhaps
over-reacted in its enthusiasm for something new. Also, because of the low
absolute price, punters might have
plunged in hoping to turn a quick profit. 

But the rapid narrowing of the premiums to much more sensible levels now
demonstrates that although the
market got it wrong the first time round, it eventually gets it right.