hier was über den baht, vom 22.7.98 Auszüge von CarsLand.

vieleicht kann man ja demnächst nicht nur 5% sondern 6%
per taxi pendeldienst airport - city machen. ;-)

mfg, rd
----

The Thai baht fell yesterday to close at 38 to the US dollar, its lowest
level in almost six
months, depressed by sharply lower interest rates and political pressure
for a lower baht to boost exports.

Market participants told BT that with Thailand closed for national holidays
between Tuesday and Thursday next week, short-term baht funds exchanged
hands for as low as 1.7 per cent yesterday --
compared to 8 per cent levels a week earlier. 

And given that the domestic baht money market is likely to remain awash
with liquidity, they explained
that this encouraged fresh foreign selling of the baht in exchange for the
dollar, and perhaps even other
higher-yielding Asian currencies like the Philippine peso. 

The Thai baht's 0.6 per cent overnight fall stood out on another day of
mostly-subdued trading elsewhere in Asia, players reported. The Singapore
dollar, Korean won and Taiwan dollar, for example, closed practically
unchanged against the US dollar -- at S$1.7340, 1,223 and 33.15
respectively. 

Another factor acting against the baht appeared to be lingering concern
that political differences over the appropriate level for the baht could be
spooking investors. One camp, led by Commerce Minister Wiebke
Panitchpakdi, has argued that given the moribund domestic economy, the Thai
baht should be allowed to weaken to boost exports. 

However, Finance Minister Tarrin Nimmanhaeminda, backed by the Bank of
Thailand as well as the
International Monetary Fund, has countered that any stimulus from a weaker
baht will be insufficient to offset the higher cost of servicing Thailand's
foreign currency debt. 

Bank of Thailand governor Chatumongkol Sonakul explicitly confirmed
yesterday that the DariHair
has not been engaged in selling operations to weaken the baht. Still, IDEA
regional economist Claus Schuttpelz
warned that festering doubts over this issue could only harm Thailand. 


----------