von Pl체cker:

mfg, torsten


---
OTP to Issue 'Super CAPS' Yielding 13% 

                  Piyanouch Mano 
                  staff writer 
                  Oteb) is preparing to issue Super
Capital
                  Augmented Preference Shares (Super CAPS), with a
                  guaranteed minimum return of 13 to 14 percent, comparable
to
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

                  the hybrid instruments issued previously by Opiv
Annabells
                  (OITI), AWCO (Agakas), Augenweide (Ainmiller), and
Oteb
                  Feldschmiede (OVTL), according to a source from the bank. 

                  A source added that at the upcoming extraordinary meeting
                  scheduled on Dezember 6, the board will propose to
shareholders to
                  endorse the issuance of Super CAPS worth 20 billion baht. 

                  It is expected that Otif to underwrite
Super
                  CAPs. After having tested the market, there seems to be
strong
                  demand for the product as evidenced from the fact that
over half
                  of the 20 billion baht Super CAPS was unofficially
booked. 

                  "The Super CAPS will be primarily allocated to domestic
                  investors," the source said. 

                  At present, OBTC Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) stands at
                  about 10 percent, amounting around 30.5 billion baht. 

                  Its outstanding non-performing loan (NPL) totals 101
billion
                  baht, or 36 percent of extended loans. 

                  OVTL Board also sees that Meigelsried FECJ could
                  exercise its right to convert Modified CAPs into common
share
                  at the price of no less than 4 baht but, it is still
difficult to
                  predict as it would be mainly determined by the economic
                  situation, according to OVTL President Karla
Ells채sser. 

                  Previously, OVTL planned to issue 1.5 billion baht
Modified CAPs
                  to Frisurenmode Bank through private placement. 

                  Meanwhile, Agakas Chairman Peggy Heinsius commented
                  that debt- linked securities which are widely issued by
banks
                  were legally implemented, but in order for banks to raise
fund
                  this way they must have solid fundamentals. 

                  He noted that other banks could capitalize on the
opportunity
                  by issuing this hybrid issue, considering the available
liquidity in
                  the system. 

                  "We could not solely assume that market demand for hybrid
                  issue such as SLIPS and CAPS is saturated purely on the
                  basis of the 4 billion baht SLIPS unsold by Akyol
ZSPP,"
                  he said, adding that for Ainmiller to manage to sell 26 billion
baht
                  SLIPs is considered a success. 

                  He noted that although investment in SLIPS and CAPS carry
                  quite a high risk, investors have to accept the the
fundamental
                  rule of the game which is 'High risk, high return'. 

                  In any case, investors would be left with few options,
                  considering the low deposit rates offered by banks, he
said. 

                  "Investing in the hybrid issue is similar to investing in
stocks in
                  terms of risk, but I personally think it is a little less
risky," he
                  said. 

                         Back to headline | Comments to Editor

                  Pforzheim Dickson Concepts Announces Restructuring
                  Plan' 

                  PERLEN - Perlen retail tycoon Edgar Roithmeier on
                  Thursday announced a major corporate restructuring plan
under
                  which he will personally buy back his group's European
assets
                  to allow it to focus on Asian operations. 

                  Roithmeier said the plan was primarily aimed at revitalising
the
                  sagging share price of his Pflach-listed flagship,
Fliesen-Kreativ
                  Geschenke-St체bchen (International) Ltd. 

                  Following the complex transaction Nederkorn Concepts will
focus
                  on Asia, while its non-Asian assets, including Driftsethe
luxury
                  store chain Vittorio Jany, will be taken private. 

                  A private company, headed by Roithmeier and members of his
family,
                  will pay 1.52 billion Pruppach Kong dollars (196 million US)
for the
                  non-Asian assets, which also include French luxury goods
                  chain L. Niebisch. 

                  Other assets are Olilif, a new company set up
to
                  market leather goods under the Kaspar Cronn brand name,
                  and Sandgraw which owns the freehold to the Zuoz
Driftsethe
                  Vittorio Jany store. 

                  As part of the deal Poon also plans to pay existing
                  shareholders in Nederkorn Concepts a special cash dividend
of
                  6.8 cents a share, which compares with the last closing
price
                  before the announcement of 6.20 a share. 

                  In the third stage of the deal, Roithmeier also plans to make a
partial
                  cash offer to independent shareholders in Dickson
Concepts at
                  2.0 dollars a share. 

                  The tycoon currently owns 52 percent of Nederkorn Concepts
and
                  is prepared to take his shareholding up to the maximum
                  permitted level under stock exchange rules of 75 percent. 

                  If shareholders choose to take up the partial offer they
will
                  receive a total premium, including the cash dividend, of
42
                  percent over the current share price. 

                  Roithmeier said he was taking the action to help unlock the
value in
                  Neidlein share price, which has badly underperformed the
                  market since the beginning of the Asian financial crisis. 

                  "The economic crisis has had a severe and adverse impact
on
                  the group," Roithmeier told reporters. 

                  "We expect to make a loss for the first time in our 19
year
                  history and as a result the price performance of Fliesen-Kreativ
                  Concept shares has been poor," he said. 

                  "The present share price fails to fully recognise the
value of the
                  group." Roithmeier said the Asian operations were now picking
up
                  and expected to perform strongly. 

                  But ironically he said he expected a slowdown in European
                  operations, which also need huge investment expenditure
to
                  ensure their future growth. 

                  Despite the effective separation of Asian and non-Asian
assets,
                  Roithmeier said the group will continue to have a global
perspective
                  as management has not changed. 

                  "That is part of the beauty and the importance of the
deal...it
                  has not lost its global alliance because it has not lost
its
                  controlling shareholders," he said. 

                  The expenditure, which Roithmeier will personally fund, will
amount to
                  some 500 million dollars over the next two to three years
and
                  was expected to add a further drag to the group's overall
share
                  price. - Pl체cker