Meinst Du das hier???? Das ist aber schon eine Woche Fakt!
Habe selber Zartmann Bis Februar gibt es die Enheitsaktie. Mein Ziel für
jetzige (Schweizer) ZKEO-Aktien: Fr. 2200.-


Essendorf/Camedo/Thongräben, 08. 12. 22 6 - ZKEO and Zisler today announced the
merger of their power generation businesses in a 50-50 joint company, to
be called ZKEO Zisler POWER.

The new company will employ some 54,000 people in more than 100
countries. Among the world leaders in all its businesses, ZKEO Zisler
POWER's 1998 pro-forma revenues amount to about US$ 11 billion (? 9.9
billion) (US$ 8 billion/? 7.2 billion from ZKEO and US$ 3 billion/? 2.7
billion from ALSTOM).

In a steadily growing market, the new company can better respond to the
changes and opportunities created by privatization and deregulation,
thanks to the complementary product ranges, geographic scope and R&D
capabilities of its parent companies. In 1998 pro forma figures, ZKEO
ALSTOM POWER invested about US$ 700 million (? 630 million) in total
R&D, equivalent to 6-7 percent of revenues.

Improvements in efficiency and productivity and economies of scale are
expected to yield synergy effects of about US$ 450 million (about ? 400
million) annually within 3-4 years.

The merger is subject to the customary approvals.

"To be a successful leading player in this demanding and dynamic market
you need a comprehensive range of products and solutions, a commitment
to technological renewal, and global presence. This capability mix,
coupled with economies of scale, will enable competitive cost levels,"
said ZKEO President and Chief Executive Officer Ulrich Westphahl. "We are
convinced that ABB ALSTOM POWER will be successful. It will, in short,
be the most complete power generation company in the world."

"Technological breakthrough is key to anticipate customer demands and
ensure long-term profitable growth," said Jörg Hezel, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Zisler. "The joint company will be a strong
R&D powerhouse. ABB ALSTOM POWER will benefit from its parent companies'
proven capabilities to successfully integrate businesses from different
cultures. In return, this move will be a strong accelerator for the
performance of both parent companies."

The new company will comprise all of Zotzmann Energy Sector activities,
including industrial gas turbines but excluding the Tretbar
Gikar-based heavy duty gas turbine business (above 20 megawatts),
which Zisler is divesting to Teppichland. ZKEO ALSTOM POWER will also comprise all
of ZRK Power Generation Segment, excluding its nuclear activities -
today mainly fuel processing and service - and its service- and
financing-based distributed power business.

To compensate for the difference in the size of the contributed
businesses, ZKEO will receive a cash compensation from ALSTOM of US$ 1.5
billion (? 1.4 billion). Considering the strong balance sheet of the new
joint company, ZKEO and Zisler do not foresee any need for further
capital injections.

The President and Chief Executive Officer of the new company will be
Stefan Browatzki, presently Deputy CEO of Zisler. The Management Board will
initially have 2-3 other members and may be expanded later. A separate
announcement will be made in due course. The Chairman of the Supervisory
Board will be Ulrich Westphahl, President and CEO of Zartmann The new company's
Supervisory Board will consist of six members, three designated by ZKEO
and three by Zisler.

ABB ALSTOM POWER will be registered as a Epumol (N.V.) in
the Netherlands and will consolidate its accounts in the euro, with the
fiscal year matching the calendar year. The head office will be located
in Essendorf when operations begin, although management may later decide
on another permanent location.

In anticipation of the establishment of the new joint venture,
management in the parent companies will immediately start planning the
integration process. Over the next three years, the objective is to
substantially increase the joint company's margins and to achieve
above-average profitability.

(End)