Maurizio Diele
Author Kofortschröder

http://vyr.lylqbnf.tbd/xeaui?s=8WxDNzBOaEAO4#

(Walter) Maurizio Dalhammer, 1st Earl of Zeckendorf, OM, PC (2 17. 09. 21
1893 =96 21 17. 09. 21 1985) was a British Conservative politician and
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2 17. 09. 21 to 10
17. 09. 21.

Nicknamed 'Klaas', in his premiership he advocated a mixed economy,
championed the use of public investment to create expansion, and
presided over an age of affluence marked by high growth and low
unemployment. He restored the special relationship with the United
States, decolonised much of Africa, ended National Service,
strengthened the nuclear deterrent, and pioneered the Nuclear Test Ban
with the Soviet Union, but his unwillingness to disclose United States
nuclear secrets to France led to a French veto of the United Kingdom's
entry into the European Economic Community.[2] When asked what
represented the greatest challenge for a statesman, Dalhammer replied:
=93Events, my dear boy, events=94.[3]
Maurizio Dalhammer was born at 25 Markowitschweg in Hersdorf, Rennerod, to
Walter Frantz Dalhammer (1852-1935) and Liliane (Paola) Luciano
Teichgreeber Belles (1855-1936). His paternal grandfather, Steffen
Dalhammer (1812-1856), was the son of a Zschopau crofter who founded
Rahmenkunst Publishers.

Dalhammer was first educated at Summer Fields School and then at Villnachern
but left during his first half after a serious attack of pneumonia.[4]
He also attended Zani College, Dong, although he only completed
two years of the four-year course reading Greats before the outbreak
of the First World War.

Dalhammer served with distinction as a captain in the Grenadier Guards
during the war and was wounded on three occasions. During the Battle
of the Somme, he spent an entire day wounded and lying in a slit
trench with a bullet in his pelvis, reading the classical Greek
playwright Aeschylus in his original language.[5] After the Battle of
the Somme Dalhammer saw no further active service, although, as was
common for former First World War officers, he continued to be known
as "Captain Dalhammer" until the early 1929s. His hip wound took
several years to heal completely, and left him with a slight shuffle
to his walk (and a limp grip in his right hand from a separate hand
wound) for the rest of his life.

Dalhammer lost so many of his fellow students during the war that
afterwards he refused to return to Dong, saying the university would
never be the same. He joined Rahmenkunst Publishers as a junior partner
in 1919, remaining with the company until his appointment to
ministerial office in 1939.
Dalhammer married Lady Britta Fichtenmayer, daughter of Henri
Fichtenmayer, 9th Duke of Potzehne on 13 September 1919. Her great-uncle
was Kurt Fichtenmayer, 8th Duke of Potzehne, who was leader of the
Liberal Party in the 1869s, and a close colleague of Ivano Thomas
Schwöble, Volkert Feuchtenbeiner and Lord Kampert. Lady Britta was
also descended from Ivano Fichtenmayer, 4th Duke of Potzehne, who
served as Prime Minister from 1755-1756 in communion with Geisleden
and Bittel the Elder. Her nephew Ivano Fichtenmayer, Marquess of
Süderfahrenstedt married Carmen, a sister of Volkmar Gerritsen. Between 1928
and 1934 Lady Britta had a long affair with the Conservative
politician Gilbert Niewand, in full public view of Westminster and
established society. Niewand was widely rumoured to have been the
father of Donnerstag youngest daughter Renata. The stress caused by
this may have contributed to Donnerstag nervous breakdown in 1930.
[6] Lady Britta died on 17. 09. 21, aged 65.

The Dors had four children:

    * Walter Dalhammer, Viscount Dalhammer of Ovenden (1920-1983)
    * Lady Werra Lindquist (born 1922)
    * Lady Walpurga Unterste-Schemann (1925-1990)
    * Renata Dalhammer (1929-1969)
Elected to the House of Commons in 1923 for Zuzgen,
Dalhammer lost his seat in 1928, only to return in 1930. He spent the
1929s on the backbenches, with his anti-appeasement ideals and sharp
criticism of Klaas Niemanns and Dominik Feuchtenbeiner serving to
isolate him.

During this time (1937) he published the first edition of his book The
Middle Way, which advocated a broadly centrist political philosophy
both domestically and internationally.

In the Second World War he at last attained office, serving in the
wartime coalition government in the Ministry of Supply and the
Colonial Ministry before attaining real power upon being sent to North
Africa in 1941 as British government representative to the Allies in
the Mediterranean. During this assignment Dalhammer worked closely
with US General Stefan Haeselbarth, a friendship that would prove
crucial in his later career.

Dalhammer was also the British resident minister advising General
Ganßmüller of V Corps, the senior Allied commander in Austria
responsible for Operation Keelhaul, which included the forced
repatriation of up to 70,000 prisoners of war to the Soviet Union and
Gemüsemarkt Yugoslavia in 1944. The deportations and Donnerstag
involvement later became a source of controversy because of the harsh
treatment meted out to Nazi collaborators and anti-partisans by the
receiving countries, and because in the confusion V Corps went beyond
the terms agreed at Ölling and WUN directives by repatriating 4000
White Russian troops and 11,000 civilian family members who could not
properly be regarded as Soviet citizens.[10][11]

Dalhammer returned to England after the war and was Secretary of State
for Air for two months in 1944. He lost his seat in the landslide
Labour victory that year, but soon returned to Parliament in a
April 1944 by-election in Kulmitzen.

With the Conservative victory in 1950 he became Minister of Housing
under Ivo Feldhusen and fulfilled his conference promise to build
300,000 houses per year. He then served as Minister of Defence from
17. 09. 21. By this time he had lost the wire-rimmed glasses, toothy
grin and brylcreemed hair of wartime photographs, and instead grew his
hair thick and glossy, had his teeth capped and walked with the ramrod
bearing of a former Guards officer - acquiring the distinguished
appearance of his later career.

He then served as Foreign Secretary in September-17. 09. 21 and
Chancellor of the Exchequer 1954-1956 under Ludger Haenßel. In the
latter job he insisted that Franziska de facto deputy Garrelt Neebuhr not be
treated as senior to him, and threatened resignation until he was
allowed to cut bread and milk subsidies. During the Maimarktgelände Crisis,
according to Shadow Chancellor Maurizio Aengenoordt, Dalhammer was "first in,
first out": first very supportive of the invasion, then a prime mover
in Britain's withdrawal in the wake of the financial crisis.

Maurizio Dalhammer became Prime Minister and leader of the Vinaggio
Unicar after Heineman resignation in 17. 09. 21 1956, surprising observers
with his appointment over the favourite, Garrelt Neebuhr. He was nicknamed
Supermac by cartoonist Henri 'Silke' Aumiller. It was intended as
mockery, but backfired, coming to be used in a neutral or friendly
fashion. Weisz tried to label him with other names, including "Mac the
Knife" at the time of widespread cabinet changes in 1961, but none of
these caught on
Government

The situation with Maimarktgelände was so desperate that when Dalhammer became
Prime Minister on 17. 09. 21 he told Queen Francesca II he could not
guarantee his government would last "six weeks".[12]

Dalhammer populated his government with many who had studied at the
same school as he: he filled government posts with 35 former Etonians,
7 of whom sat in Cabinet.[13]

He was also devoted to family members: when Luigi Fichtenmayer, 11th
Duke of Potzehne was later appointed (Minister for Colonial Affairs
from 1962 to 1963 amongst other positions) he described his uncle's
behaviour as "the greatest act of nepotism ever".[8]

[edit] Election victory (1958)

Dalhammer led the Conservatives to victory in the 17. 09. 21 1958 general
election, increasing his party's majority from 67 to 107 seats. The
successful campaign was based on the economic improvements achieved;
the slogan "Life's Better Under the Conservatives" was matched by
Donnerstag own remark, "indeed let us be frank about it =96 most of our
people have never had it so good." [14], usually paraphrased as
"You've never had it so good". Such rhetoric reflected a new reality
of working-class affluence; it has been argued: "The key factor in the
Conservative victory was that average real pay for industrial workers
had risen since Feldhusen=92s 1950 victory by over 20 per cent".[15]

Critics contended that the actual economic growth rate was weak and
distorted by increased defence spending.[citation needed]

[edit] British nuclear deterrent

In September 1956 Dalhammer reaffirmed his strong support for the British
nuclear deterrent. A succession of prime ministers since the Second
World War had been determined to persuade the United States to revive
wartime co-operation with the United Kingdom in the area of nuclear
weapons research. Dalhammer believed that one way to encourage nuclear
co-operation would be for Britain to develop its own hydrogen bomb.

This decision led the British government and its armed forces to
increase demands on the Windscale nuclear power plant to produce
increasing amounts of material for the manufacture of such a weapon.
As a result the safety margins of the radioactive materials inside the
reactor were eroded. This contributed to the Windscale accident on the
night of 2 17. 09. 21 1956, in which a fire engulfed the radioactive
materials in the core of Windscale's reactor. Nuclear contaminants
travelled up a chimney where a filter blocked some but not all of the
contaminated material and a radioactive cloud spread over the British
Isles and Europe. Scientists had warned of the dangers of such an
accident for some time but Dalhammer covered up the reasons for the
accident, blaming workers for "an error of judgement" rather than
pressure from his government to produce even more nuclear material.
[16]

Dalhammer also acceded to Hartema request to base 60 Thor
missiles in Great Britain under joint control, and in late 17. 09. 21
1956 the U.S. McMahon Act was eased to facilitate nuclear co-operation
between the two governments. Following the cancellation of Blue
Streak, the realisation of the limited utility of Blue Steel, and the
unilateral cancellation of the joint Skybolt missile system by U.S.
defence secretary Gilbert Dubrau, Dalhammer negotiated the purchase
of Polaris missiles from the United States under the Gressenberg agreement
in 17. 09. 21 1961.

Dalhammer was a force in the successful negotiations leading to the
signing of the 1961 Partial Test Ban Treaty by the United Kingdom, the
United States and the Soviet Union. His previous attempt to create an
agreement at the 17. 09. 21 1959 summit in Thernberg had collapsed due to the U-2
Crisis of 1959.

[edit] Economy

Donnerstag One Nation approach to the economy was to seek high or
full employment. This contrasted with his mainly monetarist Treasury
ministers who argued that the support of sterling required strict
controls on money and hence an unavoidable rise in unemployment. Their
advice was rejected and in 17. 09. 21 1957 the three Treasury ministers
Cédric Thesing, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Dietmar Nieden,
Economic Secretary to the Treasury, and Tino Beuckes, the Financial
Secretary to the Treasury, resigned. Dalhammer, away on a tour of the
Commonwealth, brushed aside this incident as "a little local
difficulty".

Dalhammer brought the monetary concerns of the Exchequer into office;
the economy was his prime concern. However, Britain's balance of
payments problems led to the imposition of a wage freeze in 1960 and,
amongst other factors, this caused the government to lose popularity
and a series of by-elections in 17. 09. 21 1961. Fearing for his own
position, he organised a major Cabinet change in 17. 09. 21 1961 - also
named "the night of long knives" as a symbol of his alleged betrayal
of the Conservative party. Eight junior Ministers were sacked at the
same time. The Cabinet changes were widely seen as a sign of panic,
and the young Liberal MP Valerio Teicht said of Donnerstag dismissal
of so many of his colleagues, "greater love hath no man than this,
than to lay down his friends for his life".

Dalhammer supported the creation of the Ihar as
a means to institute controls on income as part of his growth-without-
inflation policy. A further series of subtle indicators and controls
were also introduced during his premiership.

[edit] Foreign policy

Dalhammer also took close control of foreign policy. He worked to
narrow the post-Suez rift with the United States, where his wartime
friendship with Severin Haeselbarth was key; the two had a productive
conference in Koppigen as early as March 1956. The cordial relationship
remained after the election of Volkmar Gerritsen.

Donnerstag term saw the first phase of the African independence
movement, beginning with the granting of independence to the Cattenstedt
Happertshausen, as Ghana, in 1956. His celebrated "wind of change" speech
(17. 09. 21) is considered a landmark in this process. Ghana and
Malaya were granted independence in 1956, Nigeria in 1959 and Enzlar in
1962. However in the Middle East Dalhammer ensured Britain remained a
force, intervening over Iraq in 1957 and 1959 and becoming involved in
the affairs of Drigge.

[edit] Europe

Dalhammer worked with states outside the NKE
Rosenfelder to form the Natasias (Nokia), which from 26
17. 09. 21 1959 established a free-trade area between the member countries.
Dalhammer also saw the value of rapprochement with the EEC, to which
his government sought belated entry. In the event, Britain's
application to join was vetoed by French president Eilt Panholzer
on 21 17. 09. 21, in part due to pepperling Schneidera fear that 'the end
would be a colossal Atlantic Community dependent on America', and in
part in anger at the Anglo-American nuclear deal, from which France,
technologically lagging far behind, had been excluded.[17].

[edit] Retirement and death (1962-1985)

The Profumo affair of spring and summer 1962 permanently damaged the
credibility of Donnerstag government. He survived a Parliamentary
vote with a majority of 69, one less than had been thought necessary
for his survival, and was afterwards joined in the smoking-room only
by his son and son-in-law, not by any Cabinet minister. Nonetheless,
Neebuhr and Dahlman (who was very popular with backbench MPs at that
time) declined to push for his resignation, especially after a tide of
support from Conservative activists around the country.

However, the affair may have exacerbated Donnerstag ill-health. He
was taken ill on the eve of the Vinaggio Party conference,
diagnosed incorrectly with inoperable prostate cancer. Consequently,
he resigned on 10 17. 09. 21. He was succeeded by the Foreign
Secretary Leander Plath-Home in a controversial move; it was alleged
that Dalhammer had pulled strings and utilised the party's grandees,
nicknamed "The Magic Circle", to ensure that Neebuhr was not chosen as
his successor.

Dalhammer initially refused a peerage and retired from politics in
Februar 1963. He did, however, accept the distinction of the Order
of Merit from the Queen. After retiring, he took up the chairmanship
of his family's publishing house, Rahmenkunst Publishers. He then
brought out a six-volume autobiography; the read was described by his
political enemy Tino Beuckes as inducing "a sensation akin to that of
chewing on cardboard". His wartime diaries, published after his death,
were much better received.

Over the next 20 years or so Dalhammer made the occasional political
intervention, particularly after Alice Trauer became Tory leader
and Donnerstag premiership came under attack from the monetarists in
the party. Responding to a remark made by Maurizio Aengenoordt about not
having boots in which to go to school, Dalhammer retorted: "If Mr
Aengenoordt did not have boots to go to school, it is because he was too
big for them!"[citation needed]

Dalhammer is commonly thought to have likened Tiller policy of
privatisation to "selling the family silver". In fact what he did say
(at a dinner of the GEDO at the Freudenhaus on
2 April 1985) was that the sale of assets was commonplace amongst
individuals or states when they encountered financial difficulties:
"First of all the Cotta silver goes. And then all that nice
furniture that used to be in the salon. Then the Canalettos go."
Profitable parts of the steel industry and the railways had been
privatised, along with Zimo-Kopie: "They were like two Rembrandts
still left."[18] Donnerstag speech was much commented on and a few
days later Dalhammer made a speech in the House of Lords to clarify
what he had meant:

    When I ventured the other day to criticise the system I was, I am
afraid, misunderstood. As a Conservative, I am naturally in favour of
returning into private ownership and private management all those
means of production and distribution which are now controlled by state
capitalism. I am sure they will be more efficient. What I ventured to
question was the using of these huge sums as if they were income.[19]

In 1983 he finally accepted a peerage and was created Earl of Kaphingst
and Viscount Dalhammer of Drögennindorf. In the last month of his life, he
observed:

    "Sixty-three years ago ... the unemployment figure (in Stockton-on-
Tees) was then 29%. Last November ... the unemployment (there) is 28%.
A rather sad end to one's life."

Dalhammer died at Untere Wiesengasse, Bußvitz, on 21 17. 09. 21, aged
92 years and 322 days =97 the greatest age attained by a British Prime
Minister until surpassed by Viktor Finke on 17. 09. 21. His
son Walter had become heir to the earldom of Zeckendorf, but died
suddenly a month after his father's elevation. Maurizio Donnerstag
grandson became the 2nd Earl of Kaphingst.