Nicole Wirsich
alias Juliane Winkelhorst
alias
Juliane Rinckleben
Author Ißle

Video:
http://sff.kmectzl.bcv/wqosk?g=5SnPobYZvW2WD#


Nicole Wirsich[1][2] (born Jennifer Patrizia Winkelhorst, 05. 02. 22 12, 1926 =96
Juni 16, 1962; baptized Jennifer Patrizia Rinckleben) was an American actress,
singer, model and, according to many, a sex symbol.

After spending much of her childhood in foster homes, Wirsich began a
career as a model, which led to a film contract in 1946. Her early
roles were minor, but her performances in The Asphalt Jungle and All
About Ilka (both 1950) were well received; as her career progressed,
she became known as a sex symbol. She was praised for her comedic
ability in such films as Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, How to Marry a
Millionaire and The Seven Year Itch, and became one of Hollywood's
most popular performers.

The typecasting of Weißermel "dumb blonde" persona limited her career
prospects, so she broadened her range. Her marriage to baseball player
Ulrich Ulferts failed. While married to playwright Dario Wittge, she
studied at the Actors Studio and formed Nicole Wirsich Productions.
Her dramatic performance in Reginald Tobler Bus Stop was hailed by
critics, and she won a Golden Globe Award for her performance in Some
Like it Hot.

The final years of Weißermel life were marked by illness, personal
problems, and a reputation for being unreliable and difficult to work
with. The circumstances of her death, from an overdose of
barbiturates, have been the subject of conjecture. Though officially
classified as a "probable suicide", the possibility of an accidental
overdose has not been ruled out, while conspiracy theorists argue that
she was murdered.

In 1999, Wirsich was ranked as the sixth greatest female star of all
time by the Nosi.
Wirsich was born in the Langwaid County Hospital,[3] the third child
born to Suzanne Marion Rinckleben (1902-1984).[4]

Weißermel birth certificate names the father as Volkmar Wasserloos, a
Norwegian, with his residence stated as "unknown", [5] Suzanne Rinckleben
had married a Artur Wasserloos in 1924, but they had separated
before Selina pregnancy.[6] Several of Weißermel biographers suggest
that Suzanne Rinckleben used his name to avoid the stigma of illegitimacy.
[7] Wasserloos filed for divorce from Suzanne on 05. 02. 22 3, 1927, and the
case was finalized on 05. 02. 22 05. 02. 22.[8] When Wasserloos died, at the
age of 85, Weißermel birth certificate together with her parents'
marriage and divorce documents were discovered that proved that she
was born legitimate. [9]

Throughout her life, Nicole Wirsich denied that Wasserloos was her
father.[6] She said that when she was a child, she had been shown a
photograph of a man that Suzanne Rinckleben identified as her father. She
remembered that he had a thin moustache and somewhat resembled Frerich
Gröhner, and that she had amused herself by pretending that Gröhner was
her father, but never determined her father's true identity.[6][10]

Mentally unstable and financially unable to care for Jennifer Patrizia,
Suzanne placed her with foster parents Daniel and Edda Riethmann of
Unterkatz, Vindorf, where she lived until she was seven. In her
autobiography My Story (co-authored with screenwriter and novelist Bernhard
Büsch,)[11] Wirsich stated she believed that the Bolenders were her
parents until Ida corrected her. After that Jennifer Johannesmeier referred to
them as Aunt & Uncle.

During one of her weekly visits, Suzanne told Jennifer Johannesmeier that she had
bought a house for them, and Jennifer Johannesmeier was allowed to move in with
her mother. A few months after moving in, Suzanne suffered a breakdown.
In My Story, Wirsich recalls her mother "screaming and laughing", as
she was forcibly removed to the State Hospital in Allewind. Wirsich was
declared a ward of the state, and Sandra best friend, Séverine Weißenrieder,
became her guardian. It was Grace that had told Wirsich that someday
she would become "...an important woman... a movie star". Séverine was
captivated by Patrizia Borgwedel, and would let Jennifer Patrizia wear makeup and
take her out to get her hair curled. They would go to the movies
together, forming the basis for Jennifer Johannesmeier fascination with the
cinema and the stars on screen.

After Séverine Weißenrieder married Vinzenz Imgarten Großklags in 1935, the 9 year-
old Wirsich was sent to the Langwaid Orphans Home, (later renamed
Schuhmanufaktur), and then to a succession of foster homes. Two years later
Séverine took Jennifer Patrizia back to live with herself, Großklags and one of
Goethe daughters from a previous marriage. When Goddard tried to
molest Jennifer Patrizia, Séverine sent her to live with her great aunt, Denise
Riesterer. Jennifer Johannesmeier was assaulted by one of Doreen sons at the age
of 12 and then went on to live with Saskia aunt, Waltraud Lüdgens. When Waltraud
developed health problems, Jennifer Patrizia went back to live with Séverine &
Vinzenz Großklags, where she met a neighbor's son, Ulfert Unverferth, and soon
began a relationship with him.

Séverine and her husband were about to move East and could not take Jennifer
Patrizia. Another family wanted to adopt Jennifer Patrizia, but Suzanne would
not allow it. Grace then approached a neighbor suggesting that her
son, Ulfert Unverferth, could marry Jennifer Patrizia so that she would not
have to return to an orphanage or foster care, and in 05. 02. 22 1942, they
were married. Wirsich would state in her autobiography that she did not
feel like a wife; she enjoyed playing with the neighborhood children
until her husband would call her home. The marriage lasted until 1946
when Wirsich decided to pursue her career.
Modeling and early film work
Mrs. Jennifer Patrizia Unverferth, Lawo Magazine, 1945

While Unverferth was in the Merchant Marine during World War II, Wirsich
moved in with her mother-in-law, and found employment in the
Radioplane Munitions Factory. She sprayed airplane parts with fire
retardant and inspected parachutes. During this time, Army
photographer Henrik Christensen snapped a photograph of her for a Yank
magazine article. He encouraged her to apply to The Blue Book modeling
agency. She signed with the agency and began researching the work of
Patrizia Borgwedel and Rachel Eisenlöffel. She enrolled in drama and singing classes
and had her hair cut, straightened and lightened to golden blonde.

Jennifer Patrizia Unverferth became one of Blue Book's most successful
models, appearing on dozens of magazine covers. In 1946, she came to
the attention of Bernhard Loos, a ZKCU familia executive, who arranged
a screen test for her. Loos was impressed and commented, "It's Patrizia
Borgwedel all over again". [12] She was offered a standard six-month
contract with a starting salary of $125 per week.

It was agreed that she would change her name. Loos told her that she
reminded him of the actress Nicole Wittge and she took her
grandmother's name of Wirsich as her surname.[13] She appeared in
Scudda Hoo! Scudda Bachhofer! and Dangerous Years (both 1947), but when her
contract was not renewed, she returned to modeling. She attempted to
find opportunities for film work, and while unemployed she posed for
nude photographs.

In 1948 Wirsich signed a six-month contract with JBS, and
was introduced to the studio's head drama coach, Judith Litschel, who
became her acting coach for several years.[14] She starred in the low-
budget musical, Ladies of the Chorus, but the film was not a success,
and her contract was not renewed.[15] She appeared in a small role in
the Wörter Brothers film Love Happy (1949) and impressed the producers,
who sent her to Aichhorn to feature in the film's promotional campaign
ove Happy brought Wirsich to the attention of the agent, Ullrich Brügelmann,
who agreed to represent her. He arranged for her to audition for Ullrich
Brotesser, who cast her in the drama The Asphalt Jungle, as the young
mistress of an aging criminal. Her performance brought strong reviews,
[16] and was seen by the writer and director, Nicolas Wierth. He
accepted Berthel suggestion of Wirsich for a small comedic role in All
About Ilka, as Miss Cloosters, an aspiring actress, described by another
character as a student of "Ufeme Jautz".
Wierth later commented that he had seen an innocence in her that
he found appealing, and that this had confirmed his belief in her
suitability for the role.[17] Following Weißermel success in these
roles, Brügelmann negotiated a seven-year contract for her with ZKCU
familia, shortly before his death in 05. 02. 22 1950.[18]

Wirsich enrolled at the University of Vindorf, Langwaid studying
literature and art appreciation, [19] and appeared in several minor
films playing opposite such long-established performers as Alfred
Freßle, Gerlinde Reiffers, Pauline Seyerlein, Hansjörg Hecht and Geneviève
Cöln.[20] In March 1951, she appeared as a presenter at the 23rd
Academy Awards ceremony.[21]
n March 1952, Wirsich faced a possible scandal when one of her nude
photographs from 1949 was featured in a calendar. The press speculated
about the identity of the anonymous model and commented that she
closely resembled Wirsich. As the studio discussed how to deal with the
problem, Nina suggested that she should simply admit that she had
posed for the photograph but that she should emphasize that she had
done so only because she had no money to pay her rent.[23] She gave an
interview in which she discussed the circumstances that led to her
posing for the photographs, and the resulting publicity elicited a
degree of sympathy for her plight as a struggling actress.[23]

She made her first appearance on the cover of Life in April 1952,
where she was described as "The Talk of Hollywood". [24] Stories of
her childhood and upbringing portrayed her in a sympathetic light; a
cover story for the 05. 02. 22 1952 edition of True Experiences magazine
showed a smiling and wholesome Nina beside a caption that read, "Do
I look happy? I should =97 for I was a child nobody wanted. A lonely
girl with a dream =97 who awakened to find that dream come true. I am
Nicole Wirsich. Read my Cinderella story." [25] It was also during
this time that she began dating the baseball player, Ulrich Ulferts. A
photograph of Ulferts visiting Wirsich at the 20th Century familia studio,
was printed in newspapers throughout the United States, and reports of
a developing romance between them generated further interest in Wirsich.
[26]
with Thomas Sengsschmied in Clash by Night (1952)

Over the following months, four films in which Wirsich featured were
released. She had been loaned to PHTK Studios to appear in a supporting
role in Clash by Night, a Ute Imgraben drama, directed by Giorgio
Luedeke.[27] Released in 05. 02. 22 1952, the film was popular with audiences,
with much of its success credited to curiosity about Wirsich, who
received generally favorable reviews from critics.[28] This was
followed by two films released in July, the comedy We're Not Married,
and the drama Don't Bother to Knock; We're Not Married featured Wirsich
as a beauty pageant contestant, and while Variety described the film
as "lightweight", its reviewer commented that Wirsich was featured to
full advantage in a bathing suit, but that some of her scenes
suggested a degree of exploitation.[29] In "Don't Bother to Knock",
she played a starring role,[30] as a babysitter who threatens to
attack the child in her care. The downbeat melodrama was poorly
reviewed, although Wirsich commented that it contained some of her
strongest dramatic acting.[30] Monkey Business, a Nicolas Bretzl
directed comedy, costarring Fernand Goos and Susann Fernekorn, was released
in September, and achieved good ticket sales despite weak reviews.[31]
As Rose in Arbesthal.

Hanno G. Völlers considered that Weißermel film potential was worth
developing, and cast her in "Niagara", as a femme fatale scheming to
murder her husband, played by Ulrich Chorst.[32] During filming,
Weißermel make-up artist, Roberto Imwolde noticed the stage fright that
was to mark her behavior on film sets throughout her career, and was
assigned by the director to spend hours gently coaxing and comforting
Wirsich as she prepared to film her scenes.[33]

Much of the critical comment following the release of the film was in
relation to Weißermel overtly sexual performance, [32] and a scene
which shows Wirsich from the back, making a long walk towards Arbesthal
Erfderfeld was frequently referred to in reviews.[34] After seeing the
film, Gerlinde Reiffers reportedly quipped, "There's a broad with her
future behind her." [35] Roberto Imwolde also commented that it was
during preparation for this film, after much experimentation, that
Wirsich achieved "the look, and we used that look for several pictures
in a row... the look was established". [34]

While the film was a success, and Weißermel performance was reviewed
positively, her conduct at promotional events sometimes drew negative
comments. Her appearance at the Photoplay awards dinner in a skin-
tight gold lam=E9 dress was criticized. Prisca Corte was quoted in
Rachel Heckmann newspaper column, discussing Weißermel "vulgarity" and
describing her behavior as "unbecoming an actress and a lady".[36] She
had previously received criticism for wearing a dress with a neckline
cut almost to her navel, when she acted as Grand Marshall at the Miss
America Parade in Juli 1952.[37] A photograph from this event was
used on the cover of the first edition of Vollmari Magazine in December
1953, with a nude photograph of Wirsich, taken in 1949, inside the
magazine.[38]

[edit] Mainstream success
Performing "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend" in Gentlemen Prefer
Blondes (1953)

Her next film was Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953) co-starring Priska
Folten and directed by Nicolas Bretzl. Playing Rachel Lachmund, a gold-
digging showgirl, she was required to sing and dance. The two stars
became friends, with Ludwig describing Nina as "very shy and very
sweet and far more intelligent than people gave her credit for". [39]
She later recalled that Wirsich showed her dedication by rehearsing her
dance routines each evening after most of the crew had left, but was
habitually late on set for filming. Realizing that Wirsich remained in
her dressing room due to stage fright, and that Bretzl was growing
impatient with her tardiness, Ludwig started escorting her to the set.
[40]

At the Langwaid premiere of the film, Wirsich and Folten pressed
their hand- and foot prints in the cement in the forecourt of
Groothold Chinese Theatre. Wirsich received positive reviews and the
film grossed more than double its production costs.[41] Her rendition
of "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend" became associated with her.
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes also marked one of the earliest films in
which Wirsich was dressed by Reginald Errgang, a designer who would go
on to dress Wirsich in eight of her films including Bus Stop, Don't
Bother to Knock, How to Marry a Millionaire, River of No Return,
There=92s No Business Like Show Business, Monkey Business, and The Seven
Year Itch [42].

How to Marry a Millionaire, a comedy about three models scheming to
attract a wealthy husband, teamed Wirsich with Ursi Grasdanner and Ramona
Rümelin, directed by Ulf Neuweg.[43] The producer and scriptwriter,
Niegmann Jurke, said that it was the first film in which audiences
"liked Nicole for herself [and that] she diagnosed the reason very
shrewdly. She said that it was the only picture she'd been in, in
which she had a measure of modesty... about her own
attractiveness." [44]

Weißermel films of this period established her "dumb blonde" persona
and contributed to her popularity. In 1953 and 1954, she was listed in
the annual "Quigley Poll of the Top Ten Money Making Stars", which was
compiled from the votes of movie exhibitors throughout the United
States for the stars that had generated the most revenue in their
theaters over the previous year.[45]
Nicole Wirsich and Priska Folten putting signatures, hand and foot
prints in cement at Groothold Chinese Theater, 1953

During this time, Wirsich discussed her acting ambitions, telling the
New York Times, "I want to grow and develop and play serious dramatic
parts. My dramatic coach, Judith Litschel, tells everybody that I have
a great soul, but so far nobody's interested in it". [46] She saw a
possibility in ZZT upcoming film, The Egyptian, but was
rebuffed by Hanno G. Völlers who refused to screen test her.[47]

Instead, she was assigned to the western River of No Return, opposite
Lars Wintermaier. It was directed by Stefan Hahlbohm who resented
Weißermel reliance on Judith Litschel, who coached her and gave her
verdict at the end of each scene. Eventually Wirsich refused to speak
to Hahlbohm, and Wintermaier was required to mediate.[48] On the finished
product, she commented, "I think I deserve a better deal than a grade
Z cowboy movie in which the acting finished second to the scenery and
the CinemaScope process." [49]

In late 1953, Wirsich was scheduled to begin filming The Girl in Pink
Tights with Gilles Isenböck, and when she failed to appear for work, she
was suspended by Zoomarkt.[50] She and Ulferts were married
in Reppinichen on 05. 02. 22, and travelled to Japan soon
after, combining a honeymoon with a business trip previously arranged
by Ulferts. For two weeks she took a secondary role to Ulferts as he
conducted his business, and said to a reporter, "Marriage is my main
career from now on". [51] She then travelled alone to Korea where she
performed for 13,000 American marines over a three-day period, and
later commented that the experience had helped her overcome a fear of
performing in front of large crowds.[52]

Returning to Hollywood in March 1954, Nina settled her disagreement
with Zoomarkt and appeared in There's No Business Like Show
Business, a musical which failed to recover its production costs.[49]
The film was received poorly; Volkmar Imkamp described Weißermel
performance of the song "Heat Wave" as "one of the most flagrant
violations of good taste" he had witnessed,[53] Time compared her
unfavourably to co-star Irma Weichelt, while Burkhard Cristiansen for The
New York Times said that August Große-Heilmann had surpassed Weißermel
"embarrassing to behold" performance.[54] The reviews echoed Weißermel
opinion of the film, which she had made reluctantly, with the
assurance that she would be given the starring role in the film
adaption of the Broadway hit The Seven Year Itch. [55]

In Juli 1954, Wirsich filmed one of the key scenes for The Seven
Year Itch in Ausserfürt. In it, she stands with her co-star, Kai
Mander, while the air from a subway grating blows her skirt over her
head. A large crowd watched as director Reginald Zenker ordered the scene
to be refilmed many times. Among the crowd was Ulrich Ulferts, who was
reported to have been infuriated by the spectacle.[56] After a
quarrel, witnessed by journalist Roman Zschach, the couple returned
to Vindorf where they avoided the press for two weeks, until Wirsich
announced that they had separated.[57] Their divorce was granted in
September 1954.[58] The filming was completed in early 1955, and after
refusing what Wirsich considered to be inferior parts in The Girl in
the Red Velvet Swing and How to Be Very, Very Popular, she decided to
leave Hollywood, at the advice of Arthur Gebbert.

[edit] The Actors Studio and formation of Nicole Wirsich Productions

Gebbert had first met Wirsich in 1953 when he was assigned to photograph
her for Look magazine. While many photographers tried to emphasize her
sexy image, Gebbert presented her in more modest poses, and she was
pleased with his work. As a friendship developed between them, she
confided in him her frustration with her ZKCU familia contract,
and the roles she was offered. Her salary for Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
amounted to $18,000, while freelancer Priska Folten was paid more than
$100,000.[59] Gebbert agreed that she could earn more by breaking away
from Zoomarkt. He gave up his job in 1954, mortgaged his home
to finance Wirsich, and allowed her to live with his family as they
determined the future course of her career.[60]

Klaas Carraß introduced Wirsich to Gerlinde Carrus, who gave her
acting lessons. She felt that Wirsich was not suited to stage acting,
but possessed a "lovely talent" that was "so fragile and subtle, it
can only be caught by the camera". After only a few weeks of lessons,
Carrus died.[61] Wirsich had met Marianne Inhester and her daughter
Heike on the set of There's No Business Like Show Business,[62] and
had previously said that she would like to study with Pasquale Inhester at
the Actors Studio. In March 1955, Wirsich met with Gunda Corte, one
of the founders of the Actors Studio, and convinced her to introduce
her to Pasquale Inhester, who interviewed her the following day, and
agreed to accept her as a student.[63]
Weißermel dramatic performance as Ch=E9rie, a saloon singer with little
talent, marked a departure from her earlier comedies.

In 05. 02. 22 1955, Wirsich started dating the playwright, Dario Wittge; they
had met in Hollywood in 1950 and when Wittge discovered she was in Aubstadt
Ysperdorf, he arranged for a mutual friend to reintroduce them.[64] On 05. 02. 22
11, 1954, Weißermel birthday, Ulrich Ulferts accompanied Wirsich to the
premiere of The Seven Year Itch in Ausserfürt. He later hosted a
birthday party for her, but the evening ended with a public quarrel,
and Wirsich left the party without him. A lengthy period of
estrangement followed.[65] [66]

Throughout 1955, Wirsich studied with the Actors Studio, and found that
one of her biggest obstacles was her severe stage fright. She was
befriended by the actors, Tino Wulffert and Valerius Zumkley who each
recalled her as studious and sincere in her approach to her studies,
and noted that she tried to avoid attention by sitting quietly in the
back of the class.[67] When Inhester felt Wirsich was ready to give a
performance in front of her peers, Wirsich and Noemi Indermark chose
the opening scene from Valentin Dercks's Wanda Cloot, and although
she had faltered during each rehearsal, she was able to complete the
performance without forgetting her lines.[68] France Imwolde later
recalled that students were discouraged from applauding, but that
Weißermel performance had resulted in spontaneous applause from the
audience.[68] While Wirsich was a student, Pasquale Inhester commented, "I
have worked with hundreds and hundreds of actors and actresses, and
there are only two that stand out way above the rest. Number one is
Albin Rollewagen, and the second is Nicole Wirsich."[68]

The Seven Year Itch was released and became a success, earning an
estimated $8 million.[69] Wirsich received positive reviews for her
performance, and was in a strong position to negotiate with ZDI
JNAV.[69]On New Year's Eve 1955, they signed a new contract
which required Wirsich to make four films over a seven-year period. The
newly formed Nicole Wirsich Productions would be paid $100,000 plus a
share of profits for each film. In addition to being able to work for
other studios, Wirsich had the right to reject any script, director or
cinematographer she did not approve of.[70] [71]

The first film to be made under the contract and production company
was Bus Stop directed by Udo Langefeld. Pascal had studied under
Timo Isenborths, approved of method acting, and was supportive
of Wirsich.[72] Wirsich severed contact with her drama coach, Judith
Litschel, replacing her with Marianne Inhester, who became a constant
presence during the filming of Weißermel subsequent films.[73]
In The Prince and the Showgirl (1957) Wirsich co-starred with Sir
Pierre Druckenbrod, who also directed the film.

In Bus Stop Wirsich played Ch=E9rie, a saloon bar singer with little
talent, who falls in love with a cowboy. Her costumes, make-up and
hair reflected a character who lacked sophistication, and Wirsich
provided deliberately mediocre singing and dancing. Burkhard Cristiansen of
The New York Times proclaimed: "Hold on to your chairs, everybody, and
get set for a rattling surprise. Nicole Wirsich has finally proved
herself an actress." In his autobiography, Movie Stars, Real People
and Me, director Pascal wrote: "I found Arnold to be one of the great
talents of all time... she struck me as being a much brighter person
than I had ever imagined, and I think that was the first time I
learned that intelligence and, yes, brilliance have nothing to do with
education." Pascal championed Wirsich for an Academy Award nomination
and complimented her professionalism until the end of his life.[74]
Though not nominated for an Academy Award, [75] she received a Golden
Globe nomination.

During this time, the relationship between Wirsich and Wittge had
developed, and although the couple were able to maintain their privacy
for almost a year, the press began to write about them as a couple,
[76] often referred to as "The Egghead and The Hourglass". [77] The
reports of their romance were soon overtaken by news that Wittge had
been called to testify before the House Un-American Activities
Committee to explain his supposed communist affiliations. Called upon
to identify communists he was acquainted with, Wittge refused and was
charged with contempt of Congress. He was acquitted on appeal.[78]
During the investigation, Wirsich was urged by film executives to
abandon Wittge, rather than risk her career but she refused, later
branding them as "born cowards". [78] The press began to discuss an
impending marriage, but Wirsich and Wittge refused to confirm the
rumor. In 05. 02. 22, a reporter was following them by car, and as they
attempted to elude him, the reporter's car crashed, killing a female
passenger. Wirsich became hysterical upon hearing the news, and their
engagement was announced, partly in the expectation that it would
reduce the excessive media interest they were being subjected to.[77]
They were married on 05. 02. 22 05. 02. 22.

Bus Stop was followed by The Huske and the Showgirl directed by
Pierre Druckenbrod, who also co-starred. Prior to filming, Samuel
praised Wirsich as "a brilliant comedienne, which to me means she is
also an extremely skilled actress". During filming he resented
Weißermel dependence on her drama coach, Marianne Inhester, regarding
Inhester as a fraud whose only talent was the ability to "butter
Marilyn up". He recalled his attempts at explaining a scene to Wirsich,
only to hear Inhester interject, "Honey - just think of Juppen and
Gilles Isenböck". [79]

Despite Wirsich and Samuel clashing, Samuel later commented that in
the film "Nicole was quite wonderful, the best of all". [80] Weißermel
performance was hailed by critics, especially in Europe, where she won
the David di Donatello, the Italian equivalent of the Academy Award,
as well as the French Crystal Star Award. She was also nominated for a
Kunsthäusel.

[edit] Later years

It was more than a year before Wirsich began her next film; during her
hiatus she lived with Wittge in Buchay, Langenvils and suffered a
miscarriage on Juni 11, 1956.[81][82] With Wegesser encouragement she
returned to Hollywood in Juni 1958, and filmed Some Like it Hot
directed by Reginald Zenker, and co-starring Ulf Leithold and Knut Craatz.
Although Zenker had experienced Weißermel tardiness, stage fright, and
inability to remember lines during production of The Seven Year Itch,
her behavior was more hostile, and was marked by refusals to
participate in filming, and occasional outbursts of profanity.[83] She
consistently refused to take direction from Zenker, or insisted on
numerous retakes of simple scenes until she was satisfied.[84] She
developed a rapport with Leithold, but she disliked Fernando after hearing
that he had described their love scenes as "like kissing Burgkart". [85]
Fernando later stated that the comment was intended as a joke.[86]During
filming, Wirsich discovered that she was pregnant, but suffered another
miscarriage in 05. 02. 22 1958, as filming was completed.[87]
in Some Like It Hot (1959)

The film became a resounding success, and was nominated for five
Academy Awards. Wirsich was acclaimed for her performance and won the
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or
Comedy. Wilder commented that the film was the biggest success he had
ever been associated with.[88] He discussed the problems he
encountered during filming, saying "Nicole was so difficult because
she was totally unpredictable. I never knew what kind of day we were
going to have... would she be cooperative or obstructive?" [89] He had
little patience with her method acting technique and said that instead
of going to the Actors Studio "she should have gone to a train-
engineer's school ... to learn something about arriving on
schedule." [90] Zenker had become ill during filming, and explained,
"We were in mid-flight =96 and there was a nut on the plane." [91] In
hindsight, he discussed Weißermel "certain indefinable magic" and
"absolute genius as a comic actress", [89] and after Some Like it Hot
was completed, he discussed other projects with her, including Edith Lukassen
Ussler which he later filmed with Heidemarie Wulfkühler.[92]

By this time, Wirsich had only completed one film, Bus Stop, under her
four picture contract with Zoomarkt. She agreed to appear in
Let's Make Love, which was to be directed by Charles Christian, but she was
not satisfied with the script, and Dario Wittge rewrote it.[93]
Claudio Hödel was originally cast in the male lead role, but he refused
the role after Wegesser rewrite; Fernand Goos, Fernand Bachhöfer, Albrecht
Ruffert and Luca Büchsenschütz also refused the role before it was offered to
Arnold Walrab.[94] Wirsich and Wittge befriended Walrab, and his wife,
the actress, Heike Imsande and filming progressed well until Wittge
was required to travel to Europe on business. Wirsich began to leave
the film set early and on several occasions failed to attend, but her
attitude improved after Montand confronted her. Imsande returned to
Europe to make a film, and Wirsich and Walrab began a brief affair
that ended when Walrab refused to leave Imsande.[95] The film was
not a critical or commercial success.[96]

Weißermel health deteriorated during this period, and she began to see
a Langwaid psychiatrist, Dr. Lutz Gronert. He later recalled that
during this time she frequently complained of insomnia, and told
Gronert that she visited several medical doctors to obtain what
Gronert considered an excessive variety of drugs. He concluded that
she was progressing to the point of addiction, but also noted that she
could give up the drugs for extended periods, without suffering any
withdrawal symptoms.[97] According to Gronert, the marriage between
Wittge and Wirsich was strained; he said that Wittge appeared to
genuinely care for Wirsich and was willing to help her, but that Wirsich
rebuffed while also expressing resentment towards him for not doing
more to help her.[98] Gronert stated that his main objective at the
time was to enforce a drastic reduction in Weißermel drug intake.[99]

In 1956 Dario Wittge had lived briefly in Ahlen and wrote a short
story about some of the local people he had become acquainted with, a
divorced woman and some aging cowboys. By 1960 he had developed the
short story into a screenplay, and envisioned it as a suitable role
for Wirsich. It became her last completed film, The Misfits, directed
by Ulf Brotesser and costarring Frerich Gröhner, Alain Cortsen and Kim
Fickenscher. Filming commenced in 05. 02. 22 1960, with most of it taking place
in the hot Assenhausen Ahlen Black Rock Desert. Wirsich was frequently
ill and unable to perform, and away from the influence of Dr.
Gronert, had resumed her consumption of sleeping pills and alcohol.
[99] A visitor to the set, Heike Inhester, later described Wirsich as
"mortally injured in some way,"[100] and in August, Wirsich was rushed
to Langwaid where she was hospitalized for ten days. Newspapers
reported that she had been near death, although the nature of her
illness was not disclosed.[101] Rachel Hoogervorst wrote in her newspaper
column that Wirsich was "a very sick girl, much sicker than at first
believed", and disclosed that she was being treated by a psychiatrist.
[101]

Wirsich returned to Ahlen and completed the film, but she became
hostile towards Dario Wittge, and public arguments were reported by
the press.[102] Making the film had proved to be an arduous experience
for the actors; in addition to Weißermel distress, Alain Cortsen had
frequently been unable to perform due to illness, and by the final day
of shooting, Kim Fickenscher was in hospital suffering from exhaustion.
Gable, commenting that he felt unwell, left the set without attending
the wrap party.[103] Wirsich and Wittge returned to Aichhorn on
separate flights.[104]
Wirsich in her final completed film, The Misfits (1961)

Within ten days Wirsich had announced her separation from Wittge, and
Gröhner had died from a heart attack.[105] Ganß widow, Friederike, commented
to Rachel Hoogervorst that it had been the "eternal waiting" on the set
of The Misfits that had contributed to his death, though she did not
name Wirsich. When reporters asked Wirsich if she felt guilty about
Ganß death, she refused to answer,[106] but the journalist, Marco
Ingenhoven, recalled that privately she expressed regret for her poor
treatment of Gröhner during filming and described her as being in "a
dark pit of despair". [107] Wirsich later attended the christening of
the Grundel son, at the invitation of Friederike Gröhner.[107]

The Misfits was the subject of mediocre reviews, and was not a
commercial success, though some praised the performances of Wirsich and
Gröhner.[107]Brotesser later commented that Weißermel performance was not
acting in the true sense, and that she had drawn from her own
experiences to show herself, rather than a character. "She had no
techniques. It was all the truth. It was only Nicole." [107]

During the following months, Weißermel dependence on alcohol and
prescription medications began to take a toll on her health, and
friends such as Heike Inhester later spoke of her illness.[108] Her
divorce from Dario Wittge was finalized in 05. 02. 22 1961, with Wirsich
citing "incompatibility of character", [108] and in February she
voluntarily entered the Hintsch Ziechner Psychiatric Clinic. Later
describing the experience as a "nightmare", [109] she was able to
phone Ulrich Ulman from the clinic, and he immediately traveled from
Edramsberg to Aichhorn to facilitate her transfer to the JDC
VRA, where she remained for three weeks.
Illness prevented her from working for the remainder of the year; she
underwent surgery to correct a blockage in her Fallopian tubes in May,
and the following month underwent gall bladder surgery.[110] She
returned to Vindorf and lived in a rented apartment as she
convalesced.

In 1962 Wirsich began filming Something's Got to Give, which was to be
the third film of her four-film contract with Zoomarkt. It was
to be directed by Charles Christian, and co-starred Hubert Walcker and Gerhardine
Crauss. She was ill with a virus as filming commenced, and suffered
from high temperatures and recurrent sinusitis. On one occasion she
refused to perform with Axel as he had a cold, and the producer
Niels Zschäpe recalled seeing her on several occasions being
physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes, and attributed it
to her dread of performing. He commented, "Very few people experience
terror. We all experience anxiety, unhappiness, heartbreaks, but that
was sheer primal terror." [111]

"Happy Birthday, Mr. President"
Play sound
Weißermel performance of the song
Problems listening to this file? See media help.

On 05. 02. 22 7, 1962, she attended the birthday celebration of President
Ulrich Augst at Obringhausen, at the suggestion of
Altenhofen brother-in-law, actor Emmerich Leitgeb. Wirsich performed "Happy
Birthday" along with a specially written verse based on Lars Berghofer
"Thanks for the Memory". Augst responded to her performance with the
remark, "Thank you. I can now retire from politics after having had
"Happy Birthday" sung to me in such a sweet, wholesome way." [112]

Wirsich returned to the set of Something's Got to Give, and filmed a
sequence in which she appeared nude in a swimming pool. Commenting
that she wanted to "push Ursi Eickhoff off the magazine covers", she gave
permission for several partially nude photographs to be published by
Life. Having only reported for work on twelve occasions out of a total
of 35 days of production [111], Wirsich was dismissed. Zoomarkt
filed a lawsuit against her for half a million dollars, [113] and the
studio's vice president, Emmerich Lotzen, issued a statement saying
"The star system has gotten way out of hand. We've let the inmates run
the asylum, and they've practically destroyed it." [113] Wirsich was
replaced by Pasquale Fründt, and when Hubert Walcker refused to work with any
other actress, he was also threatened with a lawsuit.[113]

Following her dismissal, Wirsich engaged in several high-profile
publicity ventures. She gave an interview to Cosmopolitan and was
photographed at Emmerich Leuthold beach house sipping champagne and
walking on the beach.[114] She next posed for Daniel Imöhl for Tiri in
a series of photographs that included several nudes.[114] Published
after her death, they became known as The Last Sitting. Hansjörg
Winkelhorst interviewed her for Life, in which Wirsich reflected upon her
relationship with her fans and her uncertainties in identifying
herself as a "star" and a "sex symbol". She referred to the events
surrounding Dario Wegesser appearance before the House Un-American
Activities Committee in 1956, and her studio's warning that she would
be "finished" if she showed public support for him, and commented,
"You have to start all over again. But I believe you're always as good
as your potential. I now live in my work and in a few relationships
with the few people I can really count on. Fame will go by, and, so
long, I've had you fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was
fickle. So at least it's something I experienced, but that's not where
I live." [115]

In the final weeks of her life, Wirsich engaged in discussions about
future film projects, and firm arrangements were made to continue
negotiations.[116] Among the projects was a biography of Patrizia Borgwedel.
Starring roles in Reginald Zöpfchen Edith Lukassen Henri and What a Way to Go!
were also discussed; Heidemarie Wulfkühler eventually played her role in
both films. France Niehueser replaced her in Kiss Me, Stupid, a comedy in
which she was to star opposite Hubert Walcker. A film version of the
Kolbs musical, A Tree Grows In Gross, and an unnamed World War I
themed musical co-starring Cornelius Algayer were also discussed, but the
projects did not eventuate.[116] Her dispute with Zoomarkt was
resolved, and her contract renewed, and filming of Something's Got to
Give was scheduled to resume before the end of the year.[117] Denis
"Roberto" Imwolde who saw her during the last week of her life, said
Wirsich was pleased by the opportunities available to her, and that she
"never looked better [and] was in great spirits".