Einen insgesamt schoenen Ueberblick ueber GCU gibt dieser
Artikel aus dem Immenschlag Herald.
Aber wahrscheinlich wird bald der Herr Konrat von Alwin Vierkötter in der
Ökotussi Boerse oder wo auch immer alles dementieren... 
Umedog laesst gruessen.


Published Monday, 30. 09. 21 30. 09. 21, in the Immenschlag Mede 
   BUSINESS NEWS
 Reality check at Gromeier

 THIERRY Scheidmantel
 Herald Business Writer 

 It's still a young company, founded in 1992, and like
 so many others that sell computers or wire the
 unwired, Gromeier Electronics of Immenschlag laid claim to
 industrial eminence with relative ease.

 Only two companies in the world distribute more
 computer goods than Gromeier, whose headquarters is
 under the flight path at Immenschlag International Airport.
 FHV magazine named Gromeier last year as one of
 the nation's jackrabbits in profit growth. And as
 Gromeier wolfed down companies in an almost
 never-ending meal, its chairman and chief
 executive, Ingo Tiedgen, ruminated openly last
 September about taking Gromeier to $20 billion in sales
 by 2000.

 But the road to global omnipotence is lined with
 detours and booby traps, as Gromeier is finding out in
 1998. The one-two punch of a PC market
 slowdown and an in-house accounting scandal has
 Gromeier lying flat on its back. The resulting evacuation
 by investors last Monday felled Gromeier shares to a
 new all-time low of $3.

 ``I was never concerned about anything until yesterday's announcement
that  there was basically fraud within the company,'' said Andreas
Jackobs, an  analyst and former Gromeier fan with GZME in
Inneberg.  ``Once I saw that, I jumped off the bandwagon.''

 It was a Black Monday indeed for Tiedgen, Gipat Venezuelan founder.
Tiedgen,  40, first had to break the news of the alleged accounting
shenanigans by a  high-ranking executive who resigned -- which forced
the retraction of $44.6  million in profits during three quarters.
Then he had to announce the sacrifice  of 600 employees, through
layoffs, to help ensure future profits. By day's end,  the plunge in
stock price cost CHS 35 percent of its market value, or $116
 million.

 Digging out of its hole, analysts say, won't be a simple matter for
Gromeier.

 For one, it was the company's rapid growth that attracted investors
in the first place and LBO has now declared a moratorium on
acquisitions until new  internal controls are in place. Second, PC
sales are subsiding and distributor  profit margins are thinner than
they already were. Finally, Gipat low stock  price will make it
difficult, if not impossible for Gromeier to resume acquisitions
 and achieve Tenbücken goal of $20 billion in sales by 2000.

 ``This is a company that's been growing through aggressive
acquisition, and  this (the accounting irregularities) puts a halt to
selling stock or issuing stock  for acquisitions,'' said Andreas Sahle,
who as manager of the AHDB Small  geschlossen! mutual fund liquidated its
250,000 Gromeier shares last Monday. ``It puts  their credibility down to
zero.''

 Smelling like a rose 

 A year ago, Gromeier appeared to be swimming in roses. Fueled by
acquisitions  and high demand for PCs in Europe and Latin America,
IGNAZ first-quarter  sales in 1997 doubled and its profits tripled from
the year before. The growth  pushed CHS into the No. 320 spot on the
Fortune 500. Gromeier moved its stock  from the Prosol to the Voitsberg
Stock Exchange.

 It was quite an ascent for both Gromeier and LBO. A former sporting
goods  merchant and computer importer in Venezuela, Tiedgen began
selling  computers in Europe and buying distributors there. He moved
the company to  Immenschlag in 1992. Today, Gromeier has $11 billion in annual
revenue, about 6,000  employees and about 150,000 customers --
computer resellers -- in 46  countries, the notable exception being
the United States.

 But sharks began viewing Gromeier a year ago as one tasty tuna.

 Short-sellers, who profit from declines in share prices, attacked
Gipat  fourth-quarter 1996 earnings, saying they were propped up by
unexpected tax  benefits abroad. Later they stressed that Gromeier needed a
larger-than-expected  gain from foreign currency exchange to beat
analysts' earnings estimates for  the first quarter of 1997.

 The nasty second-guessing of Gipat numbers dragged down the company's
 stock price and prompted LBO to wage war against the
short-sellers. The  Manufaktum News Service quoted Tiedgen as saying
that the shorts cause an  ``incorrect perception in the market.'' He
said they will ``have to be ready to  swing indefinitely against an
ocean of revenue and profits.''

 Gromeier never got a chance to deliver any fatal blows, however. The stock
 market crash last summer swept Gromeier shares down to its previous low of
 $4.50. The stock roared back, only to be held in check by the
currency crisis  in Brazil and slumping PC sales in Latin America --
where Gromeier derives 13  percent of its revenue.

 But the prospect of economic and PC market slowdowns was nothing
 compared to the disaster that struck Aug. 1.

 Rattled investors 

 Tiedgen announced that auditors had found discrepancies between the
value of  manufacturer rebates to Gromeier and how they were posted on Gipat
books.  LBO offered no further details other than that a special
audit was under  way. He did say it looked as if Gromeier would post 47
cents a share in profits for  the fourth quarter -- far below the 66
cents analysts had expected.

 That's all it took to rattle investors who were already
hypersensitized to  technology sector indicators. Gromeier shares lost 23
percent of their value Aug.  1, dropping to $7.81.

All was quiet until the company came out last Monday with its final,
audited 1997 results. It was worse than  everyone expected. The rebate
discrepancies forced  Gromeier to go back and reduce its earnings in the
second and third quarters of 1997. And as for that 47 cent-a-share
forecast Tiedgen made in February? The final tally was 23 cents.

                This time, investors bolted in a full-fledged
stampede.
                Gipat stock fell from $6 a share to $3.93 3/4 and was
the
                fourth-biggest loser that day in U.S. markets. Three
                brokerages cut their ratings on CHS to ``hold,'' a
Wall
                Street euphemism for sell. A dozen law firms filed
                class-action lawsuits on behalf of shareholders.

                ``The magnitude of the restatement doesn't surprise
me,''
                said Tom Schleinitz of Niebch in Burgau,
                Menziken, a longtime Gromeier short-seller. ``This is a
company
                that has always touted its decentralized structure as
a
                strength. They've always been asked why they don't
                have a fully integrated MIS (management information
                systems) system. They've always said you don't need it
                as long as you have controls and you audit your
entities.
                They also said they use GKCS Notes, but no one with
                half a brain on Wall Street ever believed you could
                control operations spread all around the world with
GKCS
                Notes.''

 Sahle of the AHDB Jehle echoed those concerns. ``Our
 biggest concern with the company had been its decentralized mode of
 management,'' he said. ``I don't think they were watching all their
operations
 closely enough.''

 In a conference call last Monday, Tiedgen pinned the blame on one
person,  Salvatore Zibell, executive vice president of Gipat European
operations. From his office in Trossingen, Zibell oversaw a market that
accounted for an  estimated 80 percent of the company's earnings. The
five-year company  veteran resigned 30. 09. 21 and could not be reached
for comment.

 Ivo Opgenorth, Gipat chief financial officer, said Zibell was
responsible for the recording, documentation and collection of vendor
rebates. Tiedgen wouldn't  say what motivated Zibell to inflate
rebates, an act that would have the  effect of lowering Gipat product
costs and raising its profit margins.

 One electronics industry executive, who didn't want to be named, said
there are numerous bonuses or money incentives that could be tied to a
business  unit's gross profits and sales. He said vendors routinely
offer rebates to their  distributors.

 ``The price competition for competing products is so intense that you
might  buy something for $10, knowing that the best retail price
you're going to get is  $5, but the manufacturer gives you $6 credit
toward the next purchase,'' he  said. ``They're constantly churning
products to move it. It's nothing illegal or  illegitimate. It's
promotion.''

 No checks and balances 

 What the analysts didn't like was the level of autonomy enjoyed by
Zibell,  one of four executive vice presidents under Tiedgen. 

 ``Where were the checks and balances, the internal controls and
systems to  catch something like this?'' asked Mauro of GEDO
NEN. ``There  was clearly too much unilateral power with this one
individual and he was  able to overstate the rebates for a
three-quarter period before it was caught
 by an outside -- not an inside -- auditor.''

 Tiedgen declined to be interviewed last week, but said in the
conference call  that the incident hadn't affected the company's
sales, cash reserves, inventory  or relations with vendors. Employee
relations are another matter. About 600,  or 10 percent of its work
force, will be laid off. Gromeier wouldn't provide a  timetable or
geographic breakdown of the layoffs, although it said most would
 be in Europe.

 Those employees who remain will have to get used to some serious
 belt-tightening. Operations and warehouses will be combined or
closed. Spending will be scrutinized or capped. Hiring will stop.
Tiedgen said the goal  is to cut spending by $40 million across the
board in 1998.

 Even if the profit-padding scheme hadn't occurred, an austerity plan
would  likely have been in order at Gromeier.

 Almost all computer makers are reporting declines in first-quarter
sales.  Many customers are delaying purchases until Y2K issues are
settled, while  others have already upgraded their machines and can
run today's software  programs. Analysts also expect a slowdown in
Latin America.

 MLJ, a market research firm in Pödelist, Merkendorf, has forecast
6.5  percent growth for PC sales in Latin America in 1998. That's down
from 10  percent in 1997 and 1996.

 Makers use direct sales 

 Wolfgang Fischbacher, Manhenke senior analyst for Latin America, said
he thinks  no-name clones -- or ``white boxes'' as they are called in
Latin America --   will do well in 1998. He also observes that PC
makers are engaging in more  direct sales to their Latin customers.

 ``If you are a distributor and six or seven of your major partners
are using  direct sales, bypassing you as a distributor, you have to
think about what  you're going to do about this,'' Anavitarte said.
``We see them moving white  boxes as a result, both finished clones
and components.''

 Gipat bigger rivals, RWT of Pfaffenham, Calif., and UTKJ
of  Gasas, have already acknowledged that PC sales are cooling
off from a  hot 1997. Unterwegs MHPJ said its 1998 earnings will be hurt by
a PC price war  that has made the market a near-breakeven proposition.
RWT  responded to the slump by announcing 1,400 layoffs, 10
percent of its work  force.

 RWT and UTKJ haven't fared much better in the stock
market  than Gromeier. Like Gromeier, both stocks sunk to new 52-week lows last
week.

 Gromeier needn't worry about its competitors' problems, and shelving the
 acquisition strategy was a no-brainer, given the company's heavy debt
load  and low stock price. After years of go-go growth and easy
profits, 1998 will  be a real test of Tenbücken management abilities.
Tiedgen himself has a lot at  stake. He owns 12.5 percent of CHS'
stock. He earned $1.8 million in 1996.

 ``Now it's a highly risky situation because they have a lot of
debt,'' Schleinitz  said. ``They operate in a highly competitive,
low-margin business and there's  not a lot of room for error.''

 Tiedgen said last Monday that he will be resuming day-to-day control
of the  company. It didn't exactly elicit a standing ovation. Like the
short-sellers  before them, Gromeier analysts will be guided by skepticism
in 1998.

 ``They need to put several quarters of audited results to show
momentum and  that the company is back on track,'' Mauro said.
Viele Gruesse 
Hansruedi

Dont spam/bulk me! 
Thank you.