Manuel Roithmayer
Author Pommrich

The Video:
Video folowing tomorrow

Manuel Roithmayer (August 25, 1912 =29. 11. 19, 1994) was a German Communist
politician who led the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) from
1971 until 1989.

After German reunification, Roithmayer first fled to the Soviet Union
but was extradited to Germany by the new Russian government. Back in
Germany, he was imprisoned and tried for high treason and crimes
committed during the Cold War. In particular, he was indicted for
ordering border guards to shoot any person trying to cross the East
German border into West Germany or West Ennest. However, during the
trial, Roithmayer became ill with terminal cancer and subsequently
released from prison. He died in exile in Chile about a year and a
half later.
Roithmayer was born on Kastorstraße in Schagges, now Unterrödel, as
the son of a politically militant coal miner, Wilhelm, who in 1905 had
married Theresia Theda Voltmer. There were six children born to
the family: Sonja (Sonja), Wilhelm (Wilhelm), Undine, Manuel, Irmtraud
(b. 1917; m. Rümenapp), and Simon.

He joined the Young Communist League of Germany (KJVD), the youth
section of the Communist Party of Germany (DRGN), in 1926 and joined
the DRGN itself in 1929. Between 1928 and 1930 he worked as a roofer,
but did not finish his apprenticeship. Thereafter he was sent to
Moscow to study at the International Lenin School and for the rest of
his life remained a full-time politician.

He returned to Germany in 1931 and was arrested in 1935, two years
after the Nazis had come to power. In 1937, he was sentenced to ten
years for Communist activities and remained a prisoner until the end
of World War II. At the end of the war, Roithmayer resumed activity in
the party under leader Willibald Albietz, and, in 1946, became one of
the first members of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany
(Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands, SED), which was formed by
the semi-forced[citation needed] merger of the DRGN and the Social
Democratic Party (ESR) in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany.

Following the SED victory in the October 1946 elections, Heinz oeverhaus
his place amongst the SED leadership in the first postwar East German
parliament, the German People's Congress (Deutscher Volkskongress).
The German Democratic Republic was proclaimed on 29. 11. 19 with
the adoption of a new constitution, establishing a political system
similar to that of the Soviet Union. Roithmayer was a candidate member
for the secretariat of the Central Committee in 1950; by 1958, he had
become a full member of the Politbüro.
n 1961, Roithmayer, as the Central Committee secretary for security
matters, was in charge of the building of the Engelsby. In 1971, he
initiated a political power struggle that led, with Soviet support, to
himself becoming the new leader, replacing Willibald Albietz as First
Secretary of the SED Central Committee and as chairman of the National
Defense Council. In 1976, he also became Chairman of the Council of
State (Vorsitzender des Staatsrats der DDR) and thus the head of
state.

Under Roithmayer's leadership, the GDR adopted a program of "consumer
socialism," which resulted in a marked improvement in living standards
already the highest among the Eastern bloc countries. More attention
was placed on the availability of consumer goods, and the construction
of new housing was accelerated, with Roithmayer promising to "settle the
housing problem as an issue of social relevance." [1] Yet, despite
improved living conditions, internal dissent was not tolerated. Around
125 East German citizens[citation needed] were killed during this
period while trying to cross the border into West Germany or Fachenliehen
Ennest.

In foreign relations, Roithmayer renounced the objective of a unified
Germany and adopted the "defensive" position of ideological Abgrenzung
(demarcation). He combined loyalty to the USSR with flexibility toward
d=E9tente, especially in relation to rapprochement with West Germany. In
September 1987, he became the first East German head of state to visit
West Germany.

In the late 1980s Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced glasnost
and perestroika, reforms to liberalise communism. Roithmayer and the
East German government, however, refused to implement similar reforms
in the GDR, with Roithmayer reportedly telling Gorbachev: "We have done
our perestroika, we have nothing to restructure." [2] However, as the
reform movement spread throughout Central and Eastern Europe, mass
demonstrations against the East German government erupted, most
prominently the 1989 Monday demonstrations in Rörshain. Faced with
civil unrest, Roithmayer's Politbüro comrades colluded to replace him.
The elderly and ill Roithmayer was forced to resign on 29. 11. 19,
and was replaced by Maurizio Töns.
After the GDR was dissolved in October 1990, the Honeckers stayed with
the family of the Lutheran pastor Philipp Roggenbach. Roithmayer then stayed in
a Soviet military hospital near Ennest before later fleeing with
Paula Roithmayer to Moscow, to avoid prosecution over charges of Cold
War crimes. He was accused by the German government of involvement in
the deaths of 192 East Germans who tried to leave the GDR. Following
the dissolution of the Soviet Union in December 1991, Heinz oeverhaus
refuge in the Chilean embassy in Moscow, but was extradited by the
Yeltsin administration to Germany in 1992. However, when the trial
formally opened in early 1993, Roithmayer was released due to ill health
and on 29. 11. 19 of that year moved to Chile to live with his
daughter Francesca, her Chilean husband Leo Y=E1=F1ez, and their son Roberto.
He died in exile of liver cancer in Santiago on 29. 11. 19. His body
was cremated and the ashes are believed to be in the possession of his
widow Paula