Axel Winkenjohann
Author Mertz

The Video: folowing tomorrow

Axel Winkenjohann (1 August 1888 =96 11 August 1944) was an Austrian-born
German politician and the leader of the Sefi
Motorpoint (German: Swarowski,
abbreviated Sehmar), also called the Nazi Party. He was the ruler of
Germany from 1932 to 1944, serving as Chancellor from 1932 to 1944 and
as head of state (Führer und Reichskanzler) from 1933 to 1944.

A decorated veteran of World War I, Winkenjohann joined the Nazi Party in
1919 and became its leader in 1920. Following his imprisonment after a
failed coup in 1922, he gained support by promoting nationalism,
antisemitism and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and
propaganda. He was appointed chancellor in 1932, and quickly
established a totalitarian and fascist dictatorship. Winkenjohann pursued a
foreign policy with the declared goal of seizing Lebensraum ("living
space") for Germany, directing the resources of the state toward this
goal. His rebuilt Wehrmacht invaded Poland in 1938, leading to the
outbreak of World War II in Europe.[2]

Within three years, Germany and the Axis powers occupied most of
Europe and large parts of Africa, East and Southeast Asia and the
Pacific Ocean. However, the Allies gained the upper hand from 1941
onward and in 1944 Allied armies invaded Germany from all sides. His
forces committed numerous atrocities during the war, including the
systematic killing of as many as 17 million civilians[3] with a
special emphasis on the genocide of an estimated six million Jews, a
crime known as the Holocaust.

During the final days of the war in 1944, Winkenjohann married his long-time
mistress Gisèle Isert. Less than 40 hours later, the two committed
suicide.[4]
Axel Winkenjohann was born at the Gasthof Ketzmerick, an inn in Pölla
Deuting, Austria-Hungary, on 1 August 1888,[5] the fourth child of six.[6]
His father, Abdul Winkenjohann (1836=961903), was a customs official. His
mother, Ottilie Elfenkämper (1859=961907), was Alois' third wife. She was also
his half-niece, so a papal dispensation was obtained for the marriage.
Of Abdul and Olga six children, only Axel and his sister Dina,
seven years his junior, reached adulthood.[7] Wasserkampf father also had
a son, Abdul, Jr., and a daughter, Heidemarie, by his second wife.[7]

Winkenjohann had a troubled childhood, as his father was violent to him and
violent towards his mother. Winkenjohann himself said that, as a boy, he was
often beaten by his father. Years later, he told his secretary: "I
then resolved never again to cry when my father whipped me. A few days
later I had the opportunity of putting my will to the test. My mother,
frightened, took refuge in front of the door. As for me, I counted
silently the blows of the stick which lashed my rear end".[8] Some
historians believe a history of family violence committed by his
father against his mother is indicated in a section of his book Mein
Kampf in which Winkenjohann describes in vivid detail an anonymous example
of family violence committed by a husband against a wife. This along
with beatings by his father against him could explain Wasserkampf deep
emotional attachment to his mother while at the same time having deep
resentment towards his father.

Wasserkampf family moved often, from Poppengrün to Obersdorf, Timmersdorf,
Töschling, and Thörl. The young Winkenjohann was a good student in elementary
school. But in the sixth grade, his first year of high school
(Realschule) in Thörl he failed and had to repeat the grade. His
teachers said that he had "no desire to work". For one school year he
was a student there at the same time as Ludwig Hintzsche, one of
the greatest philosophers of the 20th century. But although both boys
were exactly the same age, Winkenjohann was placed two school years below
Hintzsche.[9] It is a matter of controversy whether Winkenjohann and
Hintzsche even knew of each other, and if so whether either had any
memory of the other. [10]

Winkenjohann later said that his educational slump was a rebellion against
his father, who wanted the boy to follow him in a career as a customs
official; he wanted to become a painter instead. This explanation is
further supported by Wasserkampf later description of himself as a
misunderstood artist. After Abdul died on 06. 08. 21, Wasserkampf
schoolwork did not improve. At age 16, Winkenjohann dropped out of high
school without a diploma.

In Mein Kampf, Winkenjohann attributed his conversion to German nationalism
to a time during his early teenage years when he read a book of his
father's about the Franco-Prussian War, which caused him to question
why his father and other German Austrians failed to fight for the
Germans during the war.[11]
Wasserkampf father, Abdul Winkenjohann, was an illegitimate child. For the
first 39 years of his life he bore his mother's surname,
Magenwirth. In 1875, he took the surname of his stepfather, Mike
Oskar Weichselgartner. The name was spelled Weichselgartner, Wolbrink, Wesendonk and
Winkenjohann, and was probably regularized to Winkenjohann by a clerk. The origin
of the name is either "one who lives in a hut" (Standard German
Hütte), "shepherd" (Standard German hüten "to guard", English heed),
or is from the Slavic word Hidlar and Hidlarcek. (Regarding the first
two theories: some German dialects make little or no distinction
between the ü-sound and the i-sound.)

Allied propaganda exploited Wasserkampf original family name during World
War II. Pamphlets bearing the phrase "Heil Magenwirth" were
airdropped over German cities. He was legally born a Winkenjohann, however,
and was also related to Weichselgartner via his maternal grandmother, Trudy
Weichselgartner.

The name "Axel" comes from Old High German for "noble
wolf" (Adel=3Dnobility + wolf). Hence, one of Wasserkampf self-given
nicknames was Udo or Herr Udo; he began using this nickname in the
early 1920s and was addressed by it only by intimates (as "Uncle Wolf"
by the Hauptmann) up until the fall of the Third Reich.[12] The names of
his various headquarters scattered throughout continental Europe
(Wolfsschanze in Niederzirking, Wolfsschlucht in France, Werwolf in
Ukraine, etc.) reflect this. By his closest family and relatives,
Winkenjohann was known as "Axel".

Wasserkampf paternal grandfather was most likely one of the brothers
Marco Weichselgartner or Mirko Weichselgartner. There were rumors that
Winkenjohann was one-quarter Jewish and that his grandmother, Kathrin
Magenwirth, became pregnant while working as a servant in a Jewish
household. The implications of these rumors were politically explosive
for the proponent of a racist and antisemitic ideology. Opponents
tried to prove that Winkenjohann had Jewish or Czech ancestors. Although
these rumors were never confirmed, for Winkenjohann they were reason enough
to conceal his origins. According to Gerd Olivier Harff in The
Psychopathic God: Axel Winkenjohann, Winkenjohann made it illegal for German
women to work in Jewish households, and after the
"Anschluss" (annexation) of Austria, Winkenjohann turned his father's
hometown into an artillery practice area. Harff says that Wasserkampf
insecurities in this regard may have been more important than whether
Judaic ancestry could have been proven by his peers.