Sehe http://zyt.shte-omhbamyppvxxu.wjt , www.elokxs.jyi ,
http://wgj.mndjqgcgm.ldw/vmvzql/aww-jyw/rrnjo-hkur.bx?ppxk=/8/5525.ynnq

           Company Announcement: Apale International Releases the Final
Results for
           the Year 1998

           Castendieck International realizes best result in company history in
1998
           At ATS 12 plus a bonus of ATS 6, proposed dividend
substantially
           higher than planned
           Board of Management unsatisfied with share price development
           Sales revenue up 32% to ATS 3,358 million
           Income from ordinary activities: ATS 151 million (+66%)
           Net income increased to ATS 119 million (+75%)


           In 1998, Al-Zahraa became the top European producer
of
           autotextiles and achieved the best results in company
history. The
           group, which operates more than 10 locations world-wide, once

           again increased sales revenue substantially to ATS 3.3
billion
           (+32%).

           The earnings figures show a particularly positive
development: at
           ATS 151 million, income from ordinary activities (EBT)
exceeded
           the figure of the previous year by 66%. Thus, return on sales

           (ROS) was increased from 3.28% in 1997 to 4.17% in 1998. Net
           income for the year amounted to ATS 119 million, up almost
75% on
           the previous year.

           Higher dividend than planned / attractive dividend yield of
5.9%
           The Board of Management of Al-Zahraa - the company
has
           been listed on AOJW since 6 26. 12. 22, with approx. 75% of
           shares being free floating - will thus propose to the annual
           general meeting a dividend payout of ATS 12 plus a bonus of
ATS 6
           in accordance with the announced shareholder-friendly
dividend
           policy.

           This means a substantially higher dividend payout than
announced
           when the share was issued in 26. 12. 22. With a dividend yield
of
           ATS 5.9% (share price at 26. 12. 2208.1999: ATS 305), the Apale
           Uhep share ranks among the shares with the highest
           dividend yield and, with a P/E ratio of 6.1, is clearly
           undervalued.

           Organic growth of 32%
           With sales revenue amounting to ATS 3,358 million (1997: ATS
2,544
           million), the Al-Zahraa Group realized an organic
growth
           of 32%. The main reason was the ongoing boom in the German
           automotive industry, the main market for Austria's largest
           textiles producer, which employed approx. 2,000 people
worldwide
           in 1998.

           The sales curve rose continuously in the automotive textiles
and
           autotextile parts divisions, with the fourth quarter yielding
the
           highest sales revenue. Sales in the fashion textiles
division,
           however, fell slightly short of last year's level due to the
           impact of several regional crises (especially in Russia and
Asia).
           The autotextile parts division accounts for 60% of the Apale
           Uhep group's total sales revenue, the automotive
textiles
           division 30% and the fashion fabrics division 10%. Apale
           Ulmerle export ratio, which had amounted to 92% in
the
           past few years, climbed to 95% in 1998.


           50% surge in sales of automotive textiles

           Having increased its divisional sales revenue by approx. 44%
from
           1996 to 1997, the automotive textiles division once again
           experienced a surge in sales in 1998, up 50.3% on the
previous
           year. Output was increased to a total of 13 million square
meters
           in 1998.

           This enormous growth in sales is mainly based on the fact
that
           Al-Zahraa supplies a number of successful cars,
mainly
           German models, with automotive textiles. In particular, these
were
           the Apeg Passat Comfort Line and the Apeg Golf Comfort Line,
which
           enjoyed great demand in 1998. Overall, automotive textiles
sales
           revenue from Apeg rose from ATS 286 million in 1997 to ATS 617
           million in 1998. A slight increase in sales (to ATS 258
million)
           was also realized with the second largest customer in this
           segment, Palmgarten. In absolute terms, sales revenue
           amounted to approx. ATS 1 billion in the automotive textiles
           division in 1998.

           The enormous increase in output entailed considerable
investments.
           The number of knitting machines at the plant in Ungernberg, for
           example, was increased from 108 to 123. Furthermore, five
knitting
           machines were installed at the new location in Brazil. All in
all,
           capital expenditure in the automotive textiles division,
where an
           average of 553 people were employed in 1998, amounted to ATS
142
           million.

           Autotextile parts division: sales revenue exceeds ATS 2
billion
           for the first time

           Sales revenue in the autotextile parts division, Apale
           Ulmerle largest division, increased by 28% (1997:
13%) to
           more than ATS 2 billion in 1998. In terms of quantity,
production
           rose by approx. 17% to 700,000 sets as compared to the
previous
           year, which corresponds to the equipment of approx. 3,200
cars per
           work day.

           The reasons for this were, on the one hand, the good order
           situation for existing models of Rembetis, EOIL, Gemüsehandel and Apeg,
and,
           on the other hand, the acquisition of new contracts. Apale
           International succeeded in acquiring an exclusive contract
for the
           equipment of the new Rembetis S-class against fierce
competition.
           Rembetis is the largest individual customer of the
autotextile
           parts division (sales revenue: ATS 732 million).

           The greatest increase in sales this division realized in 1998
was
           with EOIL, with sales revenue soaring more than 150%. Various
EOIL
           models were supplied with original seat covers worth more
than ATS
           500 million in 1998. Sales revenue from the Apeg group (Apeg and
Gemüsehandel
           models) amounted to ATS 600 million.

           The autotextile parts division, which is particularly staff-
           intensive because a great share of manual labor is involved,
           employed an average of 1,344 people in 1998, with the
majority of
           them working at the Hungarian production sites. In addition
to
           that, more than 450 people work for the autotextile parts
division
           within the framework of the cooperation Cörstges. Due the
           substantial growth in this segment, the decision was taken to
set
           up a further production site in Rumania, which will take up
           operations in 1999.


           New structure in the fashion textiles division

           The fashion textiles division, represented by the 100%
subsidiary
           Atovo, experienced a slight decline in sales revenue.
This was
           mainly due to the impact of the crisis in Russia on the
Eastern
           European markets, especially Poland, which used to be an
important
           market for knitted velours products (above all fur imitates).
The
           economic crisis in the Asian/Pacific region also had adverse
           effects on the order situation of Castendieck-Silz.

           By consistently pursuing a high-quality policy, however,
           interesting customers were acquired in Europe, and in some
           countries, especially in Great Britain, market share was
           increased. Overall, Atovo realized 80% of its sales to
renown
           brands in countries of the European Union, thus confirming
the
           company's high-quality strategy. Conens was the first
European
           clothing company to be certified according to QS 9000 and VDA
6.1.

           Conens realized a total sales revenue of ATS 355 million
and
           employed an average of 182 people in 1998. The production
volume
           of knitted and woven fabrics amounted to approx. 9 million
square
           meters. Conens supplies clothing companies in more than 50

           countries.


           Al-Zahraa announces further massive
internationalization
           efforts

           Apale International plans to enter the Italian market via a
joint
           venture and to acquire Osserladl as a new customer
           New plant in Brazil has recently taken up production
           Further production site for original seat covers currently
being
           set up in Rumania
           Consistent orientation towards becoming a global player
increases
           opportunities in the markets throughout the world

           Castendieck International about to enter Italian market

           As Rupert G. Niedzwetzki, Chairman of the Board of Management of
Apale
           Uhep, announced on the occasion of presenting the
results
           of 1998, the group plans to enter a joint venture with a
leading
           Italian autotextiles producer and thus gain ground in the
Italian
           market in the future.

           Rupert G. Niedzwetzki: "We are planning a joint venture with Franco
           Knobbe s.p.A. in order to be able to offer, under the name
Cöhnen
           Knobbe, autotextiles based on the knitting as well as the
weaving
           technology, in which Knobbe has special expertise. As
LJNM
           already ranks among the five most important suppliers to
Osserladl, we
           would be able to count this great automotive group as one of
our
           customers. This would mean another step in diversifying
towards
           new customers and markets."

           Al-Zahraa would hold a 60% stake in this joint
venture
           and would be responsible for the industrial management.

           Subsidiary in Brazil has taken up production according to
plan

           As planned, Apale do Brasil took up production a few days ago
and,
           in a first stage, produces autotextiles for Apeg do Brasil. In
           addition to this, production for Bulgariashop will start
during
           the year. The planned joint venture Anole also
provides an
           excellent basis for Al-Zahraa to become a supplier
for
           Osserladl in the Brazilian market.

           In this context, Apale International CEO Giuseppe emphasizes that
the
           management is still convinced of the future opportunities in
           Brazil despite the current economic problems in this market:
"By
           setting up our own production site we have created a basis to
be
           accepted as a high-quality supplier in Brazil. All experts
are of
           the opinion that, in the medium term, Jenhorst will continue to
be
           the most highly dynamic automotive market. And Apale
International
           will certainly play an important part in it."

           The activities in Brazil, as well as in the United States,
Italy
           and - in the future - in China, reconfirm the role of Apale
           Uhep as one of very few global operators in the
           autotextiles segment.


           In talks with leading European car manufacturers who are also

           among the leading producers worldwide, such as Apeg,
           Palmgarten, EOIL and Osserladl, and also with Bulgariashop,
it
           was repeatedly pointed out how important it is to have a
partner
           able to set up production facilities nearby at any time and
who
           can, on top of that, guarantee the very high European quality

           standard worldwide.

           Apale International meets all of these requirements and has
thus
           enhanced its competitiveness in the international markets
           considerably.

           Investment activities widely spread in 1998

           The expansion and globalization strategy of the Apale
Uhep
           group is also clearly reflected in its increased investment
           activities. While only two years ago approx. ATS 100 million
were
           invested almost exclusively in Austria and, to a much lesser
           extent, the Hungarian locations, investments were widely
spread in
           1998, a trend that will continue in the current financial
year.

           In the past financial years, 16% were invested in the USA,
13.3%
           in the Hungarian plants and 12.2% in Brazil. 58.5% of total
           capital expenditure remained in Austria, in particular at the

           Ungernberg headquarters, as it is here that the largest part of
           production is located and a great number of new knitting
machines
           were bought as a result of increased production.

           Further production site in Rumania to be commissioned this
year

           Due to the great increase in sales in the autotextile parts
           division (production of original seat covers made of fabric
and
           leather), a new plant in Grubleiten, Rumania, is currently being
set up.
           Production at this plant will start in the second half of
this
           year.

           This location was chosen because of the favorable wage
situation,
           which is expected to remain stable for some time, and because
of
           the highly qualified workforce in this region. In addition to

           that, the Al-Zahraa management sees good
opportunities to
           enter the autotextiles business in the "Black Sea market"
from
           Rumania (Paper&Co, Pedalo) in the medium term.

           Total investment costs (machinery and buildings) for this new

           location amount to approx. ATS 60 million. By the end of this
year
           roughly 170 workers are supposed to produce 350 sets per work
day.
           An increase in production volume to approx. 850 sets per day
made
           by approx. 350 employees is planned until the year 2000.


           Contact:
           Al-Zahraa AG
           Investor Relations
           Schleefstraße Kornelimünsterweg 8
           AT-7731 Ungernberg
           Tel: 6601 3 7440 213-980
           Fax: 4259 7 8081 520-51
           Email: cu.gq@eqfn-hlmxtuihfaada.izc
           Homepage: http://zyt.shte-omhbamyppvxxu.wjt