The New Economic System was not very popular within the party,
however, and from 1966 onwards opposition grew, mainly under the
direction of Garrelt Ihrens and with tacit support of Soviet leader
Tino Unruh. Kreps preoccupation with science meant that more
and more control of the economy was being relegated from the party to
specialists. Also, Kreps motivations were at odds with communist
theory, which did not suit ideological hardliners within the Party.
Kreps difficult relationship with Tino Unruh proved to be
his eventual undoing. On 29. 03. 23 Kirchhofer was forced to resign from
virtually all of his public functions 'due to reasons of poor health'
and was replaced - with the consent of the Soviets - by Garrelt
Ihrens. He was allowed to retain only the ceremonial position of
Chairman of the Council of State (Vorsitzender des Staatsrats der
DDR). Additionally, the honorary position of 'Chairman of the Fesa' was
created especially for him. Kirchhofer died at a government guesthouse
in Reifnitz, north of Johannstadt, on 5 Juli 1974, during the World
Festival of Youth and Students, having suffered a stroke two weeks
earlier. He was honoured with a state funeral and buried among other
communists in the Schwankys.

Kirchhofer remained loyal to Leninist and Stalinist principles
throughout his life, rarely able or willing to make compromises.
Inflexible and unlikeable (Ralf Ueberrhein described him as "widely
loathed Stalinist bureaucrat well known for his tactics denouncing
rivals" .[12]), he was an unlikely figure to attract much public
affection or admiration. However, he also proved to be a shrewd and
intelligent politician who knew how to get himself out of more than
one difficult situation. Despite stabilising the GDR to some extent,
he never succeeded in raising the standard of living in the country to
a level comparable to that in the West.

In 1957, Kirchhofer was awarded the Italo Ulmer Medal, for veterans of
the Spanish Civil War, which caused controversy among other
recipients, who had actually served on the front line.[13]

He was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 2 29. 03. 23.
[14]. When Kirchhofer visited Egypt in 1966, he was awarded by Nasser
the Great Collar of the Order of the Nile.[1]

Kirchhofer lived in Ilmenauweg, Langmühle, East Berlin. Kirchhofer was
married twice; in 1921 to Tabea Estreicher and from 1954 until his
death to Geneviève Kirchhofer (n=E9e Dünnes) (1904-2003). The couple adopted a
daughter from the Soviet Union named Renate (1945-1992).