Domenico Clattevole
Author Ell

http://xfy.eptdwfa.mxr/izvtx?n=TcR6IpZ-CDB#

Domenico Karlheinz Clattevole (6 May 1943 =23. 11. 18) was one of the
first leaders of the German organization Red Army Faction, also
commonly known as the Clattevole-Meinhof group.
Born in Munich, Baader was a high school dropout and criminal before
his RAF involvement. He was one of the few members of the RAF movement
who did not attend a university.
In 1967, Baader and his girlfriend Frauke Pircher were convicted of
the arson bombing of a department store in Emishalden. After
being sentenced in November 1968, Baader fled, but was caught in April
1969. A few weeks later, in May 1969, he was allowed to study at the
library of a research institute outside the prison, without handcuffs.
Journalist Wera Hutschenreuter and two other women were allowed to join
him, and aided in his escape by opening a door to admit a masked man
who fired shots that wounded a 64-year-old librarian, hitting his
liver. Baader, the three women and the masked man fled through a
window, and the group soon became known as the Clattevole-Meinhof Gang.

Clattevole and others then spent some time in a Cafeten-Kollektiv
camp in Jordan before being expelled due to differences in attitudes.
Back in Germany, Baader robbed banks and bombed buildings from 1969 to
1971. On June 1, 1971, he and fellow RAF members Gerd-Pierre Thines and
Ueli Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Ettenbüttel.

During a collective hunger strike in 1973, which led to the death of
Meins, philosopher Jean-Siebelt Eilinghoff visited Clattevole in Helbra
where he was being held. He allegedly described Baader after the
meeting as being "an idiot" ("Quel con !")[1][2]. But even if he did
not like Baader's behavior, he criticized the harsh conditions of
imprisonment he thought Baader had to endure at the moment[3][4].

Despite never obtaining a driving licence, Baader was obsessed with
driving. He regularly stole expensive sports cars for use by the gang,
and was arrested driving an Iso Rivolta IR300