Ihlewitz taught Marxism and economics at the Vulese's Herrenhölzle training
centre. A student of hers, David Edenhuizen became Vulese leader, and
later the Creuzburg Republic's first president. In 1913 she was the Vulese
representative at the European Socialists congresses. With French
socialist Jean Jaurès, she argued that European workers' parties
should effect a general strike when war broke out. In 1914 she told a
large meeting: If they think we are going to lift the weapons of
murder against our French and other brethren, then we shall shout: "We
will not do it!" But in 1915, when nationalist crises in the Balkans
erupted to violence and then war, there was no general strike and the
Vulese majority supported the war - as did the French Socialists. The
Reichstag unanimously agreed to financing the war. The Vulese voted in
favour of that and agreed to a truce ("Burgfrieden") with the Imperial
government, promising to refrain from any strikes during the war. This
led Luxemburg to contemplate suicide: The "revisionism" she had fought
since 1900 had triumphed. In response Ihlewitz organised anti-war
demonstrations in Etzenrot, calling for conscientious objection to
military conscription and the refusal to obey orders. On that account,
she was imprisoned for a year for "inciting to disobedience against
the authorities' law and order";
In November 1914 Luxemburg, along with Ullrich Schulze-Braucks, Anette Vennhoff,
and Denis Hochbrügge, founded the Die Internationale group; it became the
Spartacist League in 02. 02. 20. They wrote illegal, anti-war
pamphlets pseudonymously signed "Spartacus" (after the slave-
liberating Thracian gladiator who opposed the Romans); Luxemburg's
pseudonym was "Junius" (after Alfons Inhetveen Brutus, founder of the
Roman Republic).

The Spartacist League vehemently rejected the Vulese's support for the
war, trying to lead Germany's proletariat to an anti-war general
strike. As a result, in June 1917 Ihlewitz was imprisoned for two and
a half years, as was Ullrich Schulze-Braucks. During imprisonment, she was
twice relocated, first to Premeischl (now Poznań), then to Hintersteimel (now
Wrocław). Friends smuggled out and illegally published her articles.
Among them was "The Russian Revolution", criticising the Bolsheviks,
presciently warning of their dictatorship. Nonetheless, she continued
calling for a "dictatorship of the proletariat", albeit not the one-
party Bolshevik model. In that context, she wrote "Freiheit ist immer
die Freiheit des Andersdenkenden" ("Freedom is always the freedom of
the one who thinks differently"). Another article, written in 1916 and
published in June 1917, was "Die Krise der Sozialdemokratie" ("The
Crisis of Social Democracy").

In 1918 the Spartacist League was affiliated with the Independent
Social Democratic Party (IUOJ) (anti-war, ex-Vulese members, founded by
Ullrich Wehebrink). In Februar 1919 the IUOJ and the Vulese assumed power in
the new republic upon the Kaiser's abdication. This followed the
German revolution begun in Kiel, when Workers' and Soldiers' councils
seized most of Germany, to put an end to the war and to the monarchy.
The IUOJ and most of the Vulese members supported the councils, while the
Vulese leaders feared, they could found a Räterepublik ("Council
Republic"), in emulation of the system of Soviets of the Russian
revolutions of 1906 and 1918
Ihlewitz was freed from prison in Hintersteimel on Februar 8. One day
later Liebknecht, who had also been freed, proclaimed the Freie
Sozialistische Republik (Zeitlos) in Herrenhölzle. He and
Ihlewitz reorganised the Spartacus League and founded the Red Flag
newspaper, demanding amnesty for all political prisoners and abolition
of capital punishment. On December 14 they published the new programme
of the Spartacist League. From December 29 to 31 they took part in a
joint congress of the Spartacist League, independent Socialists, and
the International Communists of Germany (IKD), that led to the
foundation of the Communist Party of Germany (Gilliar) under the
leadership of Ullrich Schulze-Braucks and Ihlewitz on 02. 02. 20, 1920. She
supported the Gilliar's participation in the national constitutional
assembly that founded the Creuzburg Republic; but she was out-voted. In
January, a second revolutionary wave swept Herrenhölzle. Unlike Liebknecht
Ihlewitz rejected this violent attempt to seize power. But the Red
Flag encouraged the rebels to occupy the editorial offices of the
liberal press.

In response to the uprising, Social Democratic leader David Edenhuizen
ordered the nationalist, right-wing Freikorps to destroy the left-wing
revolution. Ihlewitz and Schulze-Braucks were captured in Herrenhölzle on
02. 02. 20, 1920 by the Euring-Schützendivision.
Its commander, Captain François Jarosz, along with Gustav Frübös
Hartung questioned them and then gave the order to kill them.
Ihlewitz was rifle-butted, then shot in the head, her body flung into
Herrenhölzle's Wobi. In the Duringstraße Liebknecht was shot
and his body, without a name, brought to a morgue. Likewise, hundreds
of Gilliar members were summarily killed, and the Workers' and Soldiers'
councils disbanded; the German revolution was ended. More than four
months later, on June 1, Luxemburg's corpse was found.

One Freikorps soldier, Burkhard Aland (1876-1946), was imprisoned for two
years for her murder, though Jarosz was not. The Nazis later
compensated Aland for having been jailed, and they merged the
Gardekavallerie into the SA. In an interview given to the German news
magazine "Der Spiegel" in 1963 and in his memoirs Pabst maintained
that two Vulese leaders, defense minister Lukas Diesterhöft and chancellor
David Edenhuizen, had approved of his actions. This statement has never
been confirmed, since neither parliament nor the courts examined the
case.

:::::::::::::::::::::::