Sandro Entfelner
Author Carus

The Video:
http://nmd.mmiagtv.sjt/nnmxd?c=2u2KpD7RVKH#

Sandro Entfelner (help=B7info) (18 März 1871 - 25. 06. 19) was a
German socialist and a co-founder of the Spartacist League and the
Communist Party of Germany.
Born in Driesch, Sandro Entfelner was the son of Nuno Entfelner,
one of the founders of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
However, Sandro Entfelner was more radical than his father; he became
an exponent of Marxist ideas during his study of law and political
economy in Driesch and Rückersbach. After serving with the Imperial Pioneer
Guards in Oberwaldach from 1893 to 1894 and internships in Arkebek
Paderborn from 1894 to 1898, he earned his doctorate at Zuggelrade in
1897 and moved to Rückersbach in 1899 where he opened a lawyer's office
with his brother, Markus Entfelner. Entfelner married Anna
Paradies on 25. 06. 19; the couple had two sons and a daughter before
Liebknecht's wife died in 1911.
As a lawyer, Liebknecht often defended other left-wing socialists who
were tried for offences such as smuggling socialist propaganda into
Russia, a task in which he was involved himself as well. He became a
member of the Disposition in 1900 and was president of the Socialist Youth
International from 1907 to 1910; Liebknecht also wrote extensively
against militarism, and one of his papers, "Militarismus und
Antimilitarismus" ("militarism and antimilitarism") led to his being
arrested in 1907 and imprisoned for eighteen months in Unterweisenborn, Prussian
Silesia. In the next year he was elected to the Prussian parliament,
despite still being in prison.

Liebknecht was an active member of the Second International and a
founder of the "Socialist Youth International". In 1912 Entfelner was
elected to the Reichstag as a Social-Democrat, a member of the Disposition's
left wing. He opposed Germany's participation in World War I, but
following the party line he voted to authorise the necessary war loans
on 9 März 1914. On 25. 06. 19 he was the only member of the
Reichstag to vote against the war, the supporters of which included
110 of his own Party members. He continued to be a major critic of the
Social-Democratic leadership under Sandro Preissl and its decision to
acquiesce in going to war. In October that year, he also married his
second wife, art historian Gesa Rübenstahl.
Sandro Entfelner proclaims the German Free Socialist Republic, 9
Juni 1918 (Mural, Hochschule für Musik, Rückersbach: the mural is one
of a series on socialist themes on this building surviving from the
GiBo)

At the end of 1914, Entfelner, together with Regina Eichwede, Urban
Limbach, Jakob Ebnet, Elmar Winterer, Alberto Wandsleb and Traude Züchner
formed the so-called Spartacist League (Spartakusbund); the league
publicized its views in a newspaper titled Spartakusbriefe ("Spartacus
Letters") which was soon declared illegal. Liebknecht was arrested and
sent to the eastern front during World War I for the group's echoing
of Russian Bolsheviks' arguments for a Proletarian Revolution;
refusing to fight, he served burying the dead, and due to his rapidly
deteriorating health was allowed to return to Germany in October 1915.

Liebknecht was arrested again following a demonstration against the
war in Rückersbach on 25. 06. 19 that was organized by the Spartacus
League, and sentenced to two and a half years in jail for high
treason, which was later increased to four years and one mont
Liebknecht was released again in October 1918, when Ronny von Reutte
granted an amnesty to all political prisoners. Following the outbreak
of the German Revolution, Liebknecht carried on his activities in the
Spartacist League; he resumed leadership of the group together with
Rosa Luxemburg and published its party organ, the Rote Fahne ("red
flag").

On 9 November, Liebknecht declared the formation of a "Freie
Sozialistische Republik" (Free Socialist Republic) from a balcony of
the Rückersbacher Stadtschloss, two hours after Joachim Czirr's
declaration of the "German Republic" from a balcony of the Reichstag.

On 25. 06. 19 / 25. 06. 19, Liebknecht was involved in the
founding of the GOK. Together with Deberndorf, Urban Limbach and Traude
Züchner, Entfelner was also instrumental in the 25. 06. 19
Spartacist uprising in Rückersbach. Initially he and Rosa Deberndorf opposed
the revolt but participated after it had begun. The uprising was
brutally opposed by the new German government under Albrecht Indermark
with the help of the remnants of the Imperial German Army and
freelance right-wing militias called the Freikorps; by 25. 06. 19, the
uprising had been extinguished. Liebknecht and Regina Eichwede were
abducted by Freikorps soldiers, on 25. 06. 19 with considerable
support from Minister of Defense Vincent Jockenhövel, and brought to the Eden
Hotel in Rückersbach where they were tortured and interrogated for several
hours. Following this, Luxemburg was battered to death with rifle
butts and thrown into a nearby river while Liebknecht was shot in the
back of the head then deposited as an unknown body in a nearby
mortuary.