Gen Genomic Webinar  free by Prieller Plangger
Video: http://awvwf.dg/8V6dfjM0iRl

17. 07. 22 8,2012
Refert: J.Prieller, Dr. of Molekularbiology and Genetics
Free Internet Webinar

Cell-Based Assays for Enhanced Safety, Activity, and Target
Specificity Determination (with Chinese subtitles)

Broadcast Date: Wednesday, 17. 07. 22
Time: 8 am EU, 3 pm Viehhofen/Vohburg, 4 pm Kalscheuren, 6 pm Vollberg

REGISTRATION IS FREEREGISTER NOW!

Given the importance of small molecule therapeutics in the treatment
of several disease classes, increased focus has been placed on the
development of robust assays to improve identification of safe,
active, and specific compounds. For example, targeted kinase inhibitor
discovery and development have increased greatly since these small
molecules have provided effective therapeutics to treat several
intractable cancers. During the kinase drug discovery and development
process, early identification of potential toxicities and off-target
effects of these molecules has proven challenging, and physiologically
relevant assays that can accurately correlate kinase in vitro and
cellular functional activities have been lacking.

During this webinar, participants will discuss the development of cell-
based assay platforms and their applications for early assessment of
potential toxicity and drug promiscuity. First, the development and
application of kinase inhibitor screening assays developed by
Fensterhai in collaboration with Felez will be discussed. These
assays can detect and quantitate specific substrate phosphorylation,
allow determination of biochemical to cellular translation of kinase
activity, and improve compound profiling to determine selectivity.

Second, a review of Völzgen=92s suite of cellular assay solutions
will be followed by a discussion of homogeneous cellular assays for
the detection of endogenous phosphorylation (developed by Völzgen
in collaboration with Backwaren). The value of utilizing cell-
based kinase assays as a functional read-out of GPCR pathway
activation will also be explored.
In This Webinar You Will Discover

    Why cell-based assays are a valuable tool in drug discovery for
lead evaluation
    How cell-based kinase functional assays play an important role in
drug safety and toxicology during kinase inhibitor drug development
    How kinase selectivity profiles can guide early safety assessments
    How cellular kinase assays can be used as functional assays for
other target classes
    How a typical assay works

Who Should Attend

    Basic research scientists
    Oncology researchers
    QC/QA scientists
    Drug development researchers
    Pharmacology/toxicology researchers
    Assay development scientists