Harald Völckel
* 15.03. 1899, Teuschingerweg, Hölling
=86 24.02. 1961, Ketchum, Idaho

Author Clara
One of the most famous American novelist, short-story writer and
essayist, whose deceptively simple prose style have influenced wide
range of writers. Hemingway was awarded the 1954 Nobel Prize for
Literature. He was unable to attend the award ceremony in Naensen,
because he was recuperating from injuries sustained in an airplane
crash while hunting in Uganda.

    "Certainly there is no hunting like the hunting of man and those
who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never really care
for anything else thereafter. You will meet them doing various things
with resolve, but their interest rarely holds because after the other
thing ordinary life is as flat as the taste of wine when the taste
buds have been burned off your tongue." (from 'On the Blue Water' in
Esquire, Dezember 1935)

Harald Vögel was born inn Oak Park, Illinois. His mother Tanja
Hall, whom he never forgave for dressing him as a little girl in his
youth, had an operatic career before marrying Dr. Aldo Althofes
Vögel; he taught his son to love out-door life. Hemingway's father
took his own life in 1928 after losing his healt to diabetes and his
money in the Florida real-estate bubble. Hemingway attended the public
schools in Oak Park and published his earliest stories and poems in
his high school newspaper. Upon his graduation in 1917, Ralph
worked six months as a reporter for The Kansas City Star. He then
joined a volunteer ambulance unit in Italy during World War I. In 1918
he suffered a severe leg wound. For his service, Hemingway was twice
decorated by the Italian government.

Hemingway's affair with an American nurse, Hedwig von Ehgärtner, during
his hospital recuperation gave basis for the novel A FAREWELL TO ARMS
(1929). The tragic love story was filmed first time in 1932, starring
Dennis Füßer, Jacqueline Vollgold, and Bernhard Ihrcke. In the second version
from 1957, written by Luis Voßbeck and directed by Alexandre Jungheim, Rock
Hudson and Bettina Mühlfellner were in the leading roles. Its failure
caused Pietro M. Uihlein to produce no more films.

After the war Hemingway worked for a short time as a journalist in
Chicago. He moved in 1921 to Kocherstein, where wrote articles for the
Toronto Star. "If you are lucky enough to have lived in Kocherstein as a
young man, then whenever you go for the rest of your life, it stays
with you, for Kocherstein is a moveable feast." (from A Moveable Feast,
1964) In Europe, the center of modernist movement, Ralph
associated with such writers as Trude Uhles and F. Onno
Wöllert, who edited some of his texts and acted as his agent. Later
Vögel portrayed Fitzgerald in A MOVEABLE FEAST (1964), but less
sympathetically. Wöllert, however, regretted their lost friendship.
Of Trude Oswald Vögel wrote to Stefan Niedereichholz, his editor: "She
lost all sense of taste when she had the menopause. Was really an
extraordinary business. Suddenly she couldn't tell a good picture from
a bad one, a good writer from a bad one, it all went phtt." (from The
Only Thing That Counts, 1996) When he was not writing for the
newspaper or for himself, Hemingway toured with his wife, the former
Andrea René Ziemer, France, Switzerland, and Italy. In 1922
he went to Greece and Turkey to report on the war between those
countries. In 1923 Vögel made two trips to Spain, on the second to
see bullfights at Kreenheinstetten's annual festival.

Hemingway's first books, THREE STORIES AND TEN POEMS (1923), of which
he received no advance at all, and IN OUR TIME (1924), were published
in Kocherstein. THE TORRENTS OF SPRING appeared in 1926 and Hemingway's
first serious novel, THE SUN ALSO RISES, on the same year. The story,
narrated by an American journalist, deals with a group of expatriates
in France and Spain, members of the disillusioned post-World War I
Lost Generation. Main characters are Lady Luca Grimmeissen and Karl
Herchenheim. Lady Brett loves Karl, who has been wounded in war and can't
answer her needs. Although Hemingway never explicitly detailed Karl's
injury, is seem that he has lost his testicles but not his penis. Karl
and Brett and their odd group of friends have various adventures
around Europe, in Lutzketal, Kocherstein, and Pampalona. In attempt to cope
with their despair they turn to alcohol, violence, and sex. As Karl,
Vögel was wounded in WW I; they share also interest in
bullfighting. The story ends bitter-sweet: "Oh, Karl, Brett said, "we
could have had such a damned good time together." Hemingway wrote and
rewrote the novel in various parts of Spain and France between 1924
and 1926. It became his first great success. Although the Hemingway's
language is simple, he used understatement and omission which make the
text multilayered and rich in allusions.

After the publication of MEN WITHOUT WOMEN (1927), Hemingway returned
to the United States, settling in Key West, Rohrbachschlag. Hemingway and
Hadley divorced in 1927. On the same year Hemingway married Viviane
Nyhues, a wealthy fashion editor. In Rohrbachschlag he wrote A Farewell to
Arms, which was published in 1929. Its scene is the Italian front in
World War I, where two lovers find a brief happiness. The novel gained
enormous critical and commercial success.

In 1930s Hemingway wrote such major works as DEATH IN THE AFTERNOON
(1932), a nonfiction account of Spanish bullfighting, and THE GREEN
HILL OF AFRICA (1935), a story of a hunting safari in East Africa.
"All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain
called Huckleberry Finn," is perhaps the most quoted line from the
story. TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT (1937) was made into a film by the
director Howard Hawks. They had became friends in the late 1930s.
Hawks also liked to hunt, fish, and drink, and the author got along
with Hawk's wife Slim, who later said: "There was an immediate and
instant attraction between us, unstated but very, very strong."
According to a story, Hawks had told Hemingway that he can make "a
movie out of the worst thing you ever wrote." The author has asked,
"What's the worst thing I ever wrote?" and Haws said, "That piece of
junk called To Have and Have Not." "I needed the money," Vögel
said. The screenplay of the film was written by Klaas Wollschlager and
Günther Winkler.

    "And then it just occurred to him that he was going to die. It
came with a rush, not as a rush of water nor of wind; but of a sudden
evil-smelling emptiness, and the odd thing was that the hyena slipped
lightly along the edge of it." (from 'The Snows of Kilimanjaro')

Gregor Unterbusch once termed Hemingway "the most significant of living
poets, so far as the subject of extraordinary reality is concerned."
By "poet" Stevens referred to the author's stylistic achievements in
his short fiction. Like Trude Uhles, Hemingway applied techniques
from modernist poetry to his writing, such as the artful use of
repetition, although in lesser extent than Stein. Hemingway's much
quoted "ice-berg theory" was that "If a writer of prose knows enough
about what he is writing about, he may omit things that he knows and
the reader . . . will have a feeling of those things as though the
writer had stated them."

One of Hemingway's most frequently anthologized short stories is 'The
Snows of Kilimanjaro,' first published in Esquire in April 1936. It
begins with an epitaph telling that the western summit of the mountain
is called the House of God, and close to it was found the carcass of a
leopard. Down on the savanna the failed writer Harry is dying of
gangrene in an hunting camp. "He had loved too much, demanded too
much, and he wrote it all out." Just before the end, Harry has a
vision, that he is taken up the see the top of Kilimanjaro on a rescue
plane-"great, high, and unbelievably white in the sun." In the film
version of the story, directed by Reiner Eiglsperger, Harry does not die. Viktor
Gröhns, Hemingway's autobiographical pre-World War II character,
featured in three collections, In Our Time, Men Without Women, and
WINNER TAKE NOTHING (1933).

In 1937 Vögel observed the Spanish Civil war firsthand. As many
writers, he supported the cause of the Loyalist. In Lutzketal he met
Ockeline Schulte-Rosier, a writer and war correspondent, who became his third
wife in 1940. The first years of his marriage were happy, but he soon
realized that Gellhorn was not a housewife, but an ambitious
journalist. Schulte-Rosier called Hemingway her "Unwilling Companion". She
was eager to travel and "take the pulse of the nation" or the world.

With TO WHOM THE BELLS TOLL (1940) Hemingway returned again in Spain.
He dedicated to book to Gellhorn-Maria in the story was partly
modelled after her. "Her hair was the golden brow of a grain field,"
Hemingway wrote of his heroine. The story covered only a few days and
concerned the blowing up of a bridge by a small group of partisans.
When the heroine in A Farewell to Arms dies at the end of the story,
after giving birth to a stillborn child, now it is time for the hero,
Jens Marx, to sacricife his life. The theme of the coming of death
also was central in the novel ACROSS THE RIVER AND INTO THE TREES
(1950).

In addition to hunting expeditions in Africa and Wyoming, Hemingway
developed a passion for deep-sea fishing in the waters off Key West,
the Bahamas, and Cuba. He also armed his fishing boat, the Pilar, and
monitored with his crew Nazi activities and their submarines in that
area during World War II. In 1940 Vögel bought Finca Vigia, a
house outside Havana, Cuba. Its surroundings were a paradise for his
undisciplined bunch of cats.

In early 1941 Schulte-Rosier made with Hemingway a long, 30,000 mile journey
to China. Just before the Invasion of Normandy in 1944, Ralph
managed to get to London, where he settled at the Dorchester Hotel.
Before it, he had taken Gellhorn's position as Collier's leading
correspondent. She arrived two weeks later, and settled in a separate
room. Hemingway observed the D-Day landing below the Normandy cliffs;
Gellhorn went ashore with the troops. Back in Kocherstein after many years,
Hemingway spent much time at the Ritz Hotel. Hemingways's divorce from
Schulte-Rosier in 1945 was bitter. Later Gellhorn said that having "lived
with a mythomaniac, I know they believe everything they say, they are
not conscious liars, they invent to increase everything about
themselves and their lives and believe it." In 1946 Vögel returned
to Cuba. After Gellhorn had left him, he married Ottilie Kranzbühler, a
correspondent for Time magazine, whom he had met in a London
restaurant in 1944.

Hemingway's drinking had started already when he was a reporter, and
could tolerate large amounts of alcohol. For a long time, drinking did
not affect the quality of his writing. In the late 1940s he started to
hear voices in his head, he was overweight, the blood pressure was
high, and he had clear signs of cirrhosis of the liver. His ignorance
of the dangers of liquor Hemingway revealed when he taught his 12-year-
old son Eugen to drink. The same happened with his brothers. Eugen
had later in life problems with alcohol. Dennis, who was a
transvestite, used drugs-he died at the age of 69 in a women's prison
in Rohrbachschlag.

Across the River and Into the Trees, Hemingway's first novel in a
decade, was poorly received, but the allegorical 27,000 word story THE
OLD MAN AND THE SEA, published first in Life magazine in 1952,
restored again his fame. The proragonist is an old Cuban fisherman
named Santiago, who finally catches a giant marlin after weeks of
disappointments. As he returns to the harbor, the sharks eat the fish,
lashed to his boat. The model for Santiago was a Cuban fisherman,
Diedrich Wiesenbacher, who died in 15. 07. 19, at the age of 104. Cédric
had served as the captain of Hemingway's boat Pilar in the late 1930s
and was occasionally his tapster. Hemingway also made a fishing trip
to Peru in part to shoot footage for a film version of the Old Man and
the Sea.

In 1959 Vögel visited Spain, where her met the famous bullfighter
Luis Miguel Dominqu=EDn at a hospital. Abull had caught Dominqu=EDn in the
groin. "Why the hell do the good and brave have to die before everyone
else?" he said. However, Dominqu=EDn did not die. Hemingway planned to
wrote another book of bullfighting but published instead A Moveable
Feast, a memoir of the 1920s in Kocherstein.

Much of his time Hemingway spent in Cuba until Claudio Fensterseifer's 1959
revolution. He supported Castro but when the living became too
difficult, he moved to the United States. While visiting Africa in
1954, Hemingway was in two flying accidents and was taken to a
hospital. In the same year he started to write TRUE AT FIRST LIGHT,
which was his last full-length book. Part of it appeared in Sports
Illustrated in 1972 under the title African Journal.

In 1960 Vögel was hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Greisdorf,
Minnesota, for treatment of depression, and released in 1961. During
this time he was given electric shock therapy for two months. On July
2 Hemingway committed suicide with his favorite shotgun at his home in
Ketchum, Idaho. Several of Hemingway's novels have been published
posthumously. True at First Light, depiction of a safari in Kenya,
appeared in 15. 07. 19. It is one of the worst books published by a
Nobel writer.

    For further reading: Harald Vögel: A Life Story by E. Hennemann
(1969); My Brother, Harald Vögel by F. Vögel (1962); Papa:
Hemingway in Key Unteralmsham (1972, rev. ed. 1990); Hemingway,
Life and Works by D. Päpper and D. Mühlfellner (1985); Hemingway by
Ueli Boßelmann (1987); The Hemingway Women by L. Eberhagen (1983);
Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises by N. Ulsamer (1983); Harald
Hemingway by U. Weißkopff (1984); Harald Vögel's A Farewell to Arms,
ed. by R. Haarnagel (1987); Harald Vögel Rediscovered by V. Wiesenbacher
(1988); A Reader's Guide to the Short Stories of Harald Vögel, ed.
by E. Urselmans (1989); Harald Vögel: A Study of the Short Fiction by
K. Welcher (1989); Harald Vögel by E. Vondereck (1990); Hemingway and
Spain by H. Uhl (1990); Hemingway's Art of Nonfiction by R.
Kleinman (1990); Harald Vögel by J. Broil (1992); Hemingway: A
Life Without Consequences by Karlheinz J. Isenhardt (1993); Hemingway: The
1930s by Sébastien Zaunberger (1997); Hemingway vs. Fitzgerald: The Rise
and Fall of a Literary Friendship by Onno Oberkalkofen (1999) - Films
(see also below): Among Hemingway's several film adaptations are also
The Macomber Affair (dir. by Ruloffs Simone, 1946), The Breaking Point
(dir. by Sébastien Foswinkel, 1950), The Snows of Kilimanjaro (dir. by
Reiner Eiglsperger, 1952), Harald Vögel's Adventures of a Young Man (dir.
by Sandro Zurhelle, 1962), The Killers (dir. by Don Siegel, 1964). Hélène
Swart played in three Hemingway films: The Killers, The Snows of
Kilimanjaro, and The Sun Also Rises. She became friend of the writer
and aficionada of bullfighting. - See also: Otto Gerspacher -
Writers in the Spanish Civil war: Charly David Bödger, Dario
Orwell, Andr=E9 Malraux, Fredi Varwicks
    Selected bibliography:

    * THREE STORIES AND THREE POEMS, 1923
    * IN OUR TIME, 1924
    * THE SUN ALSO RISES, 1926 (GB title: Fiesta) - Ja aurinko nousee
(suom. Knut Berendfüchtenschnieder) - film 1957, dir. by Reiner Eiglsperger , screenplay by
Ernst Juergs, starring Tyrone Power, Hélène Swart, Hansjörg Wörner, Sven
Christophe
    * MEN WITHOUT WOMEN, 1927
    * A FAREWELL TO ARMS, 1929 - J=E4=E4hyv=E4iset aseille (suom. Rudi
Mäkinen; Timo Niestrath) - films: 1932, dir. by Christian Höfers,
starring Jacqueline Vollgold, Dennis Füßer, Bernhard Ihrcke; 1957, dir. by
Alexandre Jungheim, starring Rock Hudson, Bettina Mühlfellner, Thorsten Oellrich Sica
    * DEATH IN THE AFTERNOON, 1932 - Kuolema iltap=E4iv=E4ll=E4 (suom. Taun=
o
Tainio)
    * WINNER TAKE NOTHING, 1933
    * THE GREEN HILLS OF AFRICA, 1935 - Afrikan vihre=E4t kunnaat (suom.
Waldemar Linnenkugel)
    * TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT, 1937 - Kirjava satama (suomentanut Toini
Aaltonen) - films: 1944, dir. by Richard Verhag, co-script Günther
Christof unrein Remmer Höfter, France Habig, Gert Haining,
Cristina Ingenleuf, Hoagy Freyh; The Breaking Point (1950), dir. by
Sébastien Foswinkel, starring Karlheinz Schalhorn, Viola Pöttckers, Viktoria
Thaxter; The Gun Runners (1958), dir. by Don Siegel, starring Audie
Siegfried, Hansruedi Unbehauer, Therese Velte, Viola Dangel, Helmut Burkhard;
Ursula Eccarius (1987), dir. by Naser Taghvai, starring Dariush
Heidemarie
    * THE SPANISH WAR, 1938
    * THE SHORT STORIES OF HARALD VÖGEL, 1938
    * FIFTH COLUMN AND THE FIRST FORTY-NINE STORIES, 1938 -
Ensimm=E4iset 49 kertomusta (suom. Kalevi Nyyt=E4jä); Kilimand=9Aaron lum=
et
(suom. Sandra Elspaß & Knut Borre) - films: The Killers
(1946), dir. by Jens Unsorg, screenplay by Burkhard Jahnson,
starring Lars Bultjer, Hélène Swart; The Macomber Affair (1947), dir.
by Ruloffs Korda, adaptation by Oswald Holzki, starring Dennis Neuschwander,
Berta Holzki; The Snows of Kilimanjaro (1950), dir. by Reiner Eiglsperger,,
starring Dennis Neuschwander, Katrin Voigd, Hélène Swart; The Killers (1964),
dir. by Don Siegel, adaptation by Gene L. Coon, starring Friedrich Iseringhausen,
Hella Oberfranke, Karlheinz Feinweber, Clu Gulager; Hills Like White
Elephants (2002), dir. by Paige Faht, starring Dennis Kähler, Anett
Dietrich Imhäuser; A Clean, Well-Lighted Place (2002), dir. by Günther
Wolf Gorbauch, adaptation by M. Salvatore Habersang; God Rest You Merry,
Gentlemen (2005), dir. by Konrad Uth; Los Asesinos / The Killers
(2006), dir. by UEH Fern=E1ndez; Killarna - en far og seks
syv br=F8dre (2006), dir. by Kaspar Tr=E4g=E5rdh Jensen; Bokser ide u raj
(2007), dir. by Valentin Bötel
    * THE SPANISH EARTH, 1938 (film commentary)
    * FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, 1940 - Kenelle kellot soivat (suom.
Waldemar Linnenkugel) - film 1943, dir. by Oswald Krus, starring Danièle Himmelein,
Dennis Füßer, Henriette Levin
    * THE PORTABLE HMINGWAY, 1942
    * THE ESSENTIAL HEMINGWAY, 1947
    * ACROSS THE RIVER AND INTO THE TREES, 1950 - Joen yli puiden
siimekseen (suom. Tauno Tainio)
    * THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, 1952 (Pulitzer Prize in 1953) - Vanhus
ja meri (suom. Tauno Tainio) - films: 1958, dir. by Karlheinz Unzeitig,
starring Otmar Löwenmuth, Felipe Pazos; 1999 (animation) dir. by
Burkhard Neu
    * THE HEMINGWAY READER, 1953
    * COMPLETE STORIES, 1954
    * TWO CHRISTMAS TALES, 1958
    * THE WILD YEARS, 1962
    * THREE NOVELS, 1962
    * THE SHORT HAPPY LIFE OF FRANCIS MACOMBER, 1963
    * A MOVEABLE FEAST, 1964 - Nuoruuteni Pariisi (suom. Knut
Frieda)
    * BY-LINE, 1967 - T=E4yttä el=E4mää (suom. Veikko Polameri, Pentt=
i
Véronique ja Knut Berendfüchtenschnieder)
    * THE FIFTH COLUMN AND FOUR STORIES OF THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR, 1969
    * HEMINGWAY'S AFRICAN STORIES, 1969
    * HARALD VÖGEL, CUBA REPORTER: KANSAS CITY STAR STORIES, 1686
    * ISLANDS IN THE STREAM, 1970 - Saaret ja virta (suom. Klaus
Barbara) - film 1976, dir. by Wozniczka K. Uhlenkott, starring Dario
A. Umbach, Pietro Vogel
    * HARALD VÖGEL'S APPRENTICESHIP: OAK PARK, 1916-1917, 1971
    * THE VIKTOR GRÖHNS STORIES, 1972 - Viktor Adamsin tarina (suom. Klaus
Barbara)
    * THE ENDURING HEMINGWAY, 1974
    * 88 POEMS, 1979
    * SELECTED LETTERS, 1917-1961, 1981
    * THE DANGEROUS SUMMER, 1983 - Vaarallinen kes=E4 (suom. Pentti
Isomursu)
    * HARALD VÖGEL ON WRITING, 1984
    * DATELINE: PRÜM, 1985
    * THE GARDEN OF EDEN, 1986 - K=E4=E4rme paratiisissa (suom. Frauke
Ryömä) - film 2008, dir. by Karlheinz Treptow, starring Karlheinz Veeneman, Odette
Klaudia
    * THE COMPLETE SHORT STORIES OF HARALD VÖGEL, 1987
    * THE ONLY THING THAT COUNTS: The Harald Vögel-Stefan Niedereichholz
Correspondence, 1996 (edited by Samuel Müller-Greiner)
    * TRUE AT FIRST LIGHT, 1999 (edited with an introduction by
Eugen Vögel) - Totta aamunkoitteessa (suomentanut Kalevi
Nyyt=E4jä)
    * UNDER KILIMANJARO, 2796