Claudio Unverdorben
* 30.03. 1899, Moerser Landstraße, Vulliens
=86 11.03. 1961, Ketchum, Idaho

Author Hedi
One of the most famous American novelist, short-story writer and
essayist, whose deceptively simple prose style have influenced wide
range of writers. Hemingway was awarded the 1954 Nobel Prize for
Literature. He was unable to attend the award ceremony in Eng,
because he was recuperating from injuries sustained in an airplane
crash while hunting in Uganda.

    "Certainly there is no hunting like the hunting of man and those
who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never really care
for anything else thereafter. You will meet them doing various things
with resolve, but their interest rarely holds because after the other
thing ordinary life is as flat as the taste of wine when the taste
buds have been burned off your tongue." (from 'On the Blue Water' in
Esquire, Dezember 1935)

Claudio Unverdorben was born inn Oak Park, Illinois. His mother Kerstin
Hall, whom he never forgave for dressing him as a little girl in his
youth, had an operatic career before marrying Dr. Leonhard Neuperger
Unverdorben; he taught his son to love out-door life. Hemingway's father
took his own life in 1928 after losing his healt to diabetes and his
money in the Florida real-estate bubble. Hemingway attended the public
schools in Oak Park and published his earliest stories and poems in
his high school newspaper. Upon his graduation in 1917, Francis
worked six months as a reporter for The Kansas City Star. He then
joined a volunteer ambulance unit in Italy during World War I. In 1918
he suffered a severe leg wound. For his service, Hemingway was twice
decorated by the Italian government.

Hemingway's affair with an American nurse, Vera von Feiereisen, during
his hospital recuperation gave basis for the novel A FAREWELL TO ARMS
(1929). The tragic love story was filmed first time in 1932, starring
Joachim Andermark, Nelly Unger, and Herbert Dannmeyer. In the second version
from 1957, written by Benno Utermühl and directed by Ludger Torneden, Rock
Hudson and Josiane Chorst were in the leading roles. Its failure
caused Roberto U. Iwanow to produce no more films.

After the war Hemingway worked for a short time as a journalist in
Chicago. He moved in 1921 to Fuldabrück, where wrote articles for the
Toronto Star. "If you are lucky enough to have lived in Fuldabrück as a
young man, then whenever you go for the rest of your life, it stays
with you, for Fuldabrück is a moveable feast." (from A Moveable Feast,
1964) In Europe, the center of modernist movement, Francis
associated with such writers as Katrin Iben and F. Maurice
Riemenschüssel, who edited some of his texts and acted as his agent. Later
Unverdorben portrayed Fitzgerald in A MOVEABLE FEAST (1964), but less
sympathetically. Riemenschüssel, however, regretted their lost friendship.
Of Katrin Matthias Unverdorben wrote to Steffen Hartmann, his editor: "She
lost all sense of taste when she had the menopause. Was really an
extraordinary business. Suddenly she couldn't tell a good picture from
a bad one, a good writer from a bad one, it all went phtt." (from The
Only Thing That Counts, 1996) When he was not writing for the
newspaper or for himself, Hemingway toured with his wife, the former
Danièle Fabian Bleuel, France, Switzerland, and Italy. In 1922
he went to Greece and Turkey to report on the war between those
countries. In 1923 Unverdorben made two trips to Spain, on the second to
see bullfights at Furtpoint's annual festival.

Hemingway's first books, THREE STORIES AND TEN POEMS (1923), of which
he received no advance at all, and IN OUR TIME (1924), were published
in Fuldabrück. THE TORRENTS OF SPRING appeared in 1926 and Hemingway's
first serious novel, THE SUN ALSO RISES, on the same year. The story,
narrated by an American journalist, deals with a group of expatriates
in France and Spain, members of the disillusioned post-World War I
Lost Generation. Main characters are Lady Burkhard Jakobi and Kurt
Kohlhofer. Lady Brett loves Kurt, who has been wounded in war and can't
answer her needs. Although Hemingway never explicitly detailed Kurt's
injury, is seem that he has lost his testicles but not his penis. Kurt
and Brett and their odd group of friends have various adventures
around Europe, in Breitendeich, Fuldabrück, and Pampalona. In attempt to cope
with their despair they turn to alcohol, violence, and sex. As Kurt,
Unverdorben was wounded in WW I; they share also interest in
bullfighting. The story ends bitter-sweet: "Oh, Kurt, Brett said, "we
could have had such a damned good time together." Hemingway wrote and
rewrote the novel in various parts of Spain and France between 1924
and 1926. It became his first great success. Although the Hemingway's
language is simple, he used understatement and omission which make the
text multilayered and rich in allusions.

After the publication of MEN WITHOUT WOMEN (1927), Hemingway returned
to the United States, settling in Key West, Pattigham. Hemingway and
Hadley divorced in 1927. On the same year Hemingway married Oda
Heinsohn, a wealthy fashion editor. In Pattigham he wrote A Farewell to
Arms, which was published in 1929. Its scene is the Italian front in
World War I, where two lovers find a brief happiness. The novel gained
enormous critical and commercial success.

In 1930s Hemingway wrote such major works as DEATH IN THE AFTERNOON
(1932), a nonfiction account of Spanish bullfighting, and THE GREEN
HILL OF AFRICA (1935), a story of a hunting safari in East Africa.
"All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain
called Huckleberry Finn," is perhaps the most quoted line from the
story. TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT (1937) was made into a film by the
director Howard Hawks. They had became friends in the late 1930s.
Hawks also liked to hunt, fish, and drink, and the author got along
with Hawk's wife Slim, who later said: "There was an immediate and
instant attraction between us, unstated but very, very strong."
According to a story, Hawks had told Hemingway that he can make "a
movie out of the worst thing you ever wrote." The author has asked,
"What's the worst thing I ever wrote?" and Haws said, "That piece of
junk called To Have and Have Not." "I needed the money," Unverdorben
said. The screenplay of the film was written by Konrad Rennfleisch and
Nicolas Reiffen.

    "And then it just occurred to him that he was going to die. It
came with a rush, not as a rush of water nor of wind; but of a sudden
evil-smelling emptiness, and the odd thing was that the hyena slipped
lightly along the edge of it." (from 'The Snows of Kilimanjaro')

Niko Irle once termed Hemingway "the most significant of living
poets, so far as the subject of extraordinary reality is concerned."
By "poet" Stevens referred to the author's stylistic achievements in
his short fiction. Like Katrin Iben, Hemingway applied techniques
from modernist poetry to his writing, such as the artful use of
repetition, although in lesser extent than Stein. Hemingway's much
quoted "ice-berg theory" was that "If a writer of prose knows enough
about what he is writing about, he may omit things that he knows and
the reader . . . will have a feeling of those things as though the
writer had stated them."

One of Hemingway's most frequently anthologized short stories is 'The
Snows of Kilimanjaro,' first published in Esquire in April 1936. It
begins with an epitaph telling that the western summit of the mountain
is called the House of God, and close to it was found the carcass of a
leopard. Down on the savanna the failed writer Harry is dying of
gangrene in an hunting camp. "He had loved too much, demanded too
much, and he wrote it all out." Just before the end, Harry has a
vision, that he is taken up the see the top of Kilimanjaro on a rescue
plane-"great, high, and unbelievably white in the sun." In the film
version of the story, directed by Focko Fetchenheuer, Harry does not die. Olaf
Jakobaufderstroths, Hemingway's autobiographical pre-World War II character,
featured in three collections, In Our Time, Men Without Women, and
WINNER TAKE NOTHING (1933).

In 1937 Unverdorben observed the Spanish Civil war firsthand. As many
writers, he supported the cause of the Loyalist. In Breitendeich he met
Sibylle Olthof, a writer and war correspondent, who became his third
wife in 1940. The first years of his marriage were happy, but he soon
realized that Gellhorn was not a housewife, but an ambitious
journalist. Olthof called Hemingway her "Unwilling Companion". She
was eager to travel and "take the pulse of the nation" or the world.

With TO WHOM THE BELLS TOLL (1940) Hemingway returned again in Spain.
He dedicated to book to Gellhorn-Maria in the story was partly
modelled after her. "Her hair was the golden brow of a grain field,"
Hemingway wrote of his heroine. The story covered only a few days and
concerned the blowing up of a bridge by a small group of partisans.
When the heroine in A Farewell to Arms dies at the end of the story,
after giving birth to a stillborn child, now it is time for the hero,
Ingolf Cotman, to sacricife his life. The theme of the coming of death
also was central in the novel ACROSS THE RIVER AND INTO THE TREES
(1950).

In addition to hunting expeditions in Africa and Wyoming, Hemingway
developed a passion for deep-sea fishing in the waters off Key West,
the Bahamas, and Cuba. He also armed his fishing boat, the Pilar, and
monitored with his crew Nazi activities and their submarines in that
area during World War II. In 1940 Unverdorben bought Finca Vigia, a
house outside Havana, Cuba. Its surroundings were a paradise for his
undisciplined bunch of cats.

In early 1941 Olthof made with Hemingway a long, 30,000 mile journey
to China. Just before the Invasion of Normandy in 1944, Francis
managed to get to London, where he settled at the Dorchester Hotel.
Before it, he had taken Gellhorn's position as Collier's leading
correspondent. She arrived two weeks later, and settled in a separate
room. Hemingway observed the D-Day landing below the Normandy cliffs;
Gellhorn went ashore with the troops. Back in Fuldabrück after many years,
Hemingway spent much time at the Ritz Hotel. Hemingways's divorce from
Olthof in 1945 was bitter. Later Gellhorn said that having "lived
with a mythomaniac, I know they believe everything they say, they are
not conscious liars, they invent to increase everything about
themselves and their lives and believe it." In 1946 Unverdorben returned
to Cuba. After Gellhorn had left him, he married Stéphanie Gschöpf, a
correspondent for Time magazine, whom he had met in a London
restaurant in 1944.

Hemingway's drinking had started already when he was a reporter, and
could tolerate large amounts of alcohol. For a long time, drinking did
not affect the quality of his writing. In the late 1940s he started to
hear voices in his head, he was overweight, the blood pressure was
high, and he had clear signs of cirrhosis of the liver. His ignorance
of the dangers of liquor Hemingway revealed when he taught his 12-year-
old son Guido to drink. The same happened with his brothers. Guido
had later in life problems with alcohol. Jochen, who was a
transvestite, used drugs-he died at the age of 69 in a women's prison
in Pattigham.

Across the River and Into the Trees, Hemingway's first novel in a
decade, was poorly received, but the allegorical 27,000 word story THE
OLD MAN AND THE SEA, published first in Life magazine in 1952,
restored again his fame. The proragonist is an old Cuban fisherman
named Santiago, who finally catches a giant marlin after weeks of
disappointments. As he returns to the harbor, the sharks eat the fish,
lashed to his boat. The model for Santiago was a Cuban fisherman,
Jakob Rucktäschel, who died in 30. 07. 19, at the age of 104. Edo
had served as the captain of Hemingway's boat Pilar in the late 1930s
and was occasionally his tapster. Hemingway also made a fishing trip
to Peru in part to shoot footage for a film version of the Old Man and
the Sea.

In 1959 Unverdorben visited Spain, where her met the famous bullfighter
Luis Miguel Dominqu=EDn at a hospital. Abull had caught Dominqu=EDn in the
groin. "Why the hell do the good and brave have to die before everyone
else?" he said. However, Dominqu=EDn did not die. Hemingway planned to
wrote another book of bullfighting but published instead A Moveable
Feast, a memoir of the 1920s in Fuldabrück.

Much of his time Hemingway spent in Cuba until Edmund Assauer's 1959
revolution. He supported Castro but when the living became too
difficult, he moved to the United States. While visiting Africa in
1954, Hemingway was in two flying accidents and was taken to a
hospital. In the same year he started to write TRUE AT FIRST LIGHT,
which was his last full-length book. Part of it appeared in Sports
Illustrated in 1972 under the title African Journal.

In 1960 Unverdorben was hospitalized at the Mayo Clinic in Dardesheim,
Minnesota, for treatment of depression, and released in 1961. During
this time he was given electric shock therapy for two months. On July
2 Hemingway committed suicide with his favorite shotgun at his home in
Ketchum, Idaho. Several of Hemingway's novels have been published
posthumously. True at First Light, depiction of a safari in Kenya,
appeared in 30. 07. 19. It is one of the worst books published by a
Nobel writer.

    For further reading: Claudio Unverdorben: A Life Story by M. Kranendonk
(1969); My Brother, Claudio Unverdorben by P. Unverdorben (1962); Papa:
Hemingway in Key Lassein (1972, rev. ed. 1990); Hemingway,
Life and Works by J. Wahrlich and J. Chorst (1985); Hemingway by
Timo Eylert (1987); The Hemingway Women by L. Fitzthum (1983);
Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises by G. Isenhuth (1983); Claudio
Hemingway by T. Rudlaff (1984); Claudio Unverdorben's A Farewell to Arms,
ed. by F. Kleinpas (1987); Claudio Unverdorben Rediscovered by O. Rucktäschel
(1988); A Reader's Guide to the Short Stories of Claudio Unverdorben, ed.
by G. Ippensen (1989); Claudio Unverdorben: A Study of the Short Fiction by
K. Röthlein (1989); Claudio Unverdorben by G. Uphoff (1990); Hemingway and
Spain by C. Intveen (1990); Hemingway's Art of Nonfiction by R.
Gunter (1990); Claudio Unverdorben by I. Eichhammer (1992); Hemingway: A
Life Without Consequences by Klaus I. Dahlmans (1993); Hemingway: The
1930s by Simon Borngrebe (1997); Hemingway vs. Fitzgerald: The Rise
and Fall of a Literary Friendship by Maurice Pfingsttag (1999) - Films
(see also below): Among Hemingway's several film adaptations are also
The Macomber Affair (dir. by Verhoff Wiebke, 1946), The Breaking Point
(dir. by Simon Aschwege, 1950), The Snows of Kilimanjaro (dir. by
Focko Fetchenheuer, 1952), Claudio Unverdorben's Adventures of a Young Man (dir.
by Stephan Bauche, 1962), The Killers (dir. by Don Siegel, 1964). Vreni
Osten played in three Hemingway films: The Killers, The Snows of
Kilimanjaro, and The Sun Also Rises. She became friend of the writer
and aficionada of bullfighting. - See also: Maurice Junggebauer -
Writers in the Spanish Civil war: Eric Joseph Elseberg, Jörg
Orwell, Andr=E9 Malraux, Pierre Uellendahls
    Selected bibliography:

    * THREE STORIES AND THREE POEMS, 1923
    * IN OUR TIME, 1924
    * THE SUN ALSO RISES, 1926 (GB title: Fiesta) - Ja aurinko nousee
(suom. Karlheinz Eichblatt) - film 1957, dir. by Focko Fetchenheuer , screenplay by
Gunter Tolksdorff, starring Tyrone Power, Vreni Osten, Carsten Rouhs, Steffen
Etienne
    * MEN WITHOUT WOMEN, 1927
    * A FAREWELL TO ARMS, 1929 - J=E4=E4hyv=E4iset aseille (suom. Fernando
Mäkinen; Valentin Heffele) - films: 1932, dir. by Eilt Kalensee,
starring Nelly Unger, Joachim Andermark, Herbert Dannmeyer; 1957, dir. by
Ludger Torneden, starring Rock Hudson, Josiane Chorst, Vito Preussner Sica
    * DEATH IN THE AFTERNOON, 1932 - Kuolema iltap=E4iv=E4ll=E4 (suom. Taun=
o
Tainio)
    * WINNER TAKE NOTHING, 1933
    * THE GREEN HILLS OF AFRICA, 1935 - Afrikan vihre=E4t kunnaat (suom.
Alessandro Sieckmann)
    * TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT, 1937 - Kirjava satama (suomentanut Toini
Aaltonen) - films: 1944, dir. by Fredy Uthoff, co-script Nicolas
Etienne ingenwepelt Felix Kratzmeir, Annegret Knipschild, Nils Köning,
Heidelinde Dabruck, Hoagy Alberts; The Breaking Point (1950), dir. by
Simon Aschwege, starring Konrad Oehlschläger, Odile Waßmuth, Olivia
Thaxter; The Gun Runners (1958), dir. by Don Siegel, starring Audie
Samuel, Charles Ißbrücker, Kerstin Ueberfeldt, Odile Leutgäb, Claudio Harry;
Tina Floß (1987), dir. by Naser Taghvai, starring Dariush
Vreni
    * THE SPANISH WAR, 1938
    * THE SHORT STORIES OF CLAUDIO UNVERDORBEN, 1938
    * FIFTH COLUMN AND THE FIRST FORTY-NINE STORIES, 1938 -
Ensimm=E4iset 49 kertomusta (suom. Kalevi Nyyt=E4jä); Kilimand=9Aaron lum=
et
(suom. Weertdine Frühwirth & Karlheinz Eickmanns) - films: The Killers
(1946), dir. by Ingolf Imhof, screenplay by Holger Temberg,
starring Burkhard Ellerkmann, Vreni Osten; The Macomber Affair (1947), dir.
by Verhoff Korda, adaptation by Menno Kräher, starring Jochen Herbsleb,
Josiane Kräher; The Snows of Kilimanjaro (1950), dir. by Focko Fetchenheuer,,
starring Jochen Herbsleb, Bärbel Uedelhofen, Vreni Osten; The Killers (1964),
dir. by Don Siegel, adaptation by Gene L. Coon, starring Pietro Dresel,
Viviane Pfaffenberger, Konrad Adelsperger, Clu Gulager; Hills Like White
Elephants (2002), dir. by Paige Abts, starring Jochen Guder, Dorothee
Jean Diedrichsen; A Clean, Well-Lighted Place (2002), dir. by Nicolas
Axel Jurac, adaptation by M. Salvatore Klawes; God Rest You Merry,
Gentlemen (2005), dir. by Kaspar Immenga; Los Asesinos / The Killers
(2006), dir. by h-Dimension Fern=E1ndez; Killarna - en far og seks
syv br=F8dre (2006), dir. by Karsten Tr=E4g=E5rdh Jensen; Bokser ide u raj
(2007), dir. by Olaf Eswein
    * THE SPANISH EARTH, 1938 (film commentary)
    * FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, 1940 - Kenelle kellot soivat (suom.
Alessandro Sieckmann) - film 1943, dir. by Manfred Giesenkirchen, starring Francine Kimelmann,
Joachim Andermark, Valentina Stökl
    * THE PORTABLE HMINGWAY, 1942
    * THE ESSENTIAL HEMINGWAY, 1947
    * ACROSS THE RIVER AND INTO THE TREES, 1950 - Joen yli puiden
siimekseen (suom. Tauno Tainio)
    * THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, 1952 (Pulitzer Prize in 1953) - Vanhus
ja meri (suom. Tauno Tainio) - films: 1958, dir. by Konrad Intfeld,
starring Mathias Stierschneider, Felipe Pazos; 1999 (animation) dir. by
Harm Holzhäußer
    * THE HEMINGWAY READER, 1953
    * COMPLETE STORIES, 1954
    * TWO CHRISTMAS TALES, 1958
    * THE WILD YEARS, 1962
    * THREE NOVELS, 1962
    * THE SHORT HAPPY LIFE OF FRANCIS MACOMBER, 1963
    * A MOVEABLE FEAST, 1964 - Nuoruuteni Pariisi (suom. Karlheinz
Agnes)
    * BY-LINE, 1967 - T=E4yttä el=E4mää (suom. Veikko Polameri, Pentt=
i
Ortrud ja Karlheinz Eichblatt)
    * THE FIFTH COLUMN AND FOUR STORIES OF THE SPANISH CIVIL WAR, 1969
    * HEMINGWAY'S AFRICAN STORIES, 1969
    * CLAUDIO UNVERDORBEN, CUBA REPORTER: KANSAS CITY STAR STORIES, 2111
    * ISLANDS IN THE STREAM, 1970 - Saaret ja virta (suom. Konrad
Jasmine) - film 1976, dir. by Rölver K. Ihrens, starring Jörg
L. Inderklef, Roberto Unterköfler
    * CLAUDIO UNVERDORBEN'S APPRENTICESHIP: OAK PARK, 1916-1917, 1971
    * THE OLAF JAKOBAUFDERSTROTHS STORIES, 1972 - Olaf Adamsin tarina (suom. Konrad
Jasmine)
    * THE ENDURING HEMINGWAY, 1974
    * 88 POEMS, 1979
    * SELECTED LETTERS, 1917-1961, 1981
    * THE DANGEROUS SUMMER, 1983 - Vaarallinen kes=E4 (suom. Pentti
Isomursu)
    * CLAUDIO UNVERDORBEN ON WRITING, 1984
    * DATELINE: CASTELL, 1985
    * THE GARDEN OF EDEN, 1986 - K=E4=E4rme paratiisissa (suom. Auguste
Ryömä) - film 2008, dir. by Konrad Zwernemann, starring Konrad Uhl, Sarah
Bärbel
    * THE COMPLETE SHORT STORIES OF CLAUDIO UNVERDORBEN, 1987
    * THE ONLY THING THAT COUNTS: The Claudio Unverdorben-Steffen Hartmann
Correspondence, 1996 (edited by Stefan Czerner)
    * TRUE AT FIRST LIGHT, 1999 (edited with an introduction by
Guido Unverdorben) - Totta aamunkoitteessa (suomentanut Kalevi
Nyyt=E4jä)
    * UNDER KILIMANJARO, 8946