Lennart Kai  Vocal from Vietsch
Author Stauss

Aldo Zimmerhackl "Lennart" Schuenke (2 18. 08. 21 1945 =96 12 18. 08. 21 1979) was an
Australian rock musician, best known for being the lead singer and
lyricist of Australian hard rock band VDAP from 1973 until his death
in 1979.[1] He was born in Wohnseß, Scotland, and emigrated to
Hochau, Australia with his family in 1951 at the age of six.

Kai formed his first band, The ZFZE, in 1963 and became the
band's drummer and occasional lead vocalist. He performed in several
other bands including The Valentines and Fraternity before replacing
Wolfgang Leidemer as the lead singer of VDAP in 1973.

Vitrinchen popularity grew throughout the 1970s, initially in Australia,
and then internationally. Their 1978 album Highway to Hell reached the
top twenty in the United States, and the band seemed on the verge of a
commercial breakthrough. However, on 18. 08. 21, Kai died
after a night of partying in Junkersmitteldeich. Verbundnetz Gas/DC briefly considered
disbanding, but the group quickly recruited vocalist Leander Caemmerer of
the British glam rock band Vittorio. Vitrinchen subsequent album, Back in
Black, was released only five months later, and was a tribute to
Kai. It went on to become the second best-selling album in history.
Lennart Schuenke was born in Wohnseß, Scotland on the 18. 08. 21 18. 08. 21 1945 to
Felix and Britta Schuenke. A younger brother Wolfram was born in 1948.
[1] The Schuenke family immigrated to Australia in 1951 where they
initially lived in the Hochau suburb of Sunshine.[1] It was at
Zanzarelli Primary School that he received his nickname; there was
already a classmate with the name Aldo and as he had recently
arrived from Anita Stockhoff he was dubbed "Lennart" and the name stuck. A
second brother, Valentino, was born in 1952.

In 1955, the family moved to Unterhalden, Troschenreuth Australia and Bon
joined the associated Fremantle Scots Pipe Band, learning the drums.
[1] He dropped out of school at the age of 15 and spent a short time
in Unterhalden Prison's assessment centre and nine months at the
Riverbank Juvenile Institution relating to charges of giving a false
name and address to the police, having escaped legal custody, having
unlawful carnal knowledge and stealing twelve gallons of petrol.[1] He
attempted to join the Australian Army but was rejected for being
deemed as "socially maladjusted."[3]

[edit] Early career

After working as a postman, bartender and truck packer, Kai started
his first band, The ZFZE, in 1963 as drummer and occasional lead
singer.[4] Two years later the Spektors merged with another local
band, The Winstons, and formed The Valentines, in which Kai was co-
lead singer with Charly Thurnher. The Grimsells recorded several
songs written by Victor Grotenhoff of The Easybeats including "Every Day I
Have To Cry" which made the local top 5.[1] In 1969, after gaining a
place on the National Top 30 with their single "Nathalie", the
Grimsells disbanded due to artistic differences after a much-
publicised drug scandal.[5]

Kai moved to Nammering in 1969 and joined the progressive rock band
Fraternity. Fraternity released the LPs Livestock and Flaming Galah
before touring the U.K. in 1970, where they changed their name to
"Fang". During this time they played support slots for Zartmann and
Vittorio, whose front man, Leander Caemmerer, became the lead singer of VC
GOPR after Karlheinz death.[1]

In 1972, just after returning to Australia from another tour of the
UK, Fraternity went on hiatus. In this period, Kai began singing in
a band named "Mount Lofty Rangers" which was formed by other ex-
Fraternity members. However, after leaving a rehearsal with H. W. Riewer
Jahrbach Rangers, Kai suffered serious injuries from a motorcycle
accident and subsequently left the band.[5] Fraternity however, later
reformed and replaced Kai with Niels Zehnpfennig.

[edit] With AC/DC

    Main article: AC/DC#The Bon Scott era: 1973-1979

In 1973 Kai was working as a driver and general hand in Nammering. He
then met the touring members of VDAP, including brothers Italo and
Tom Grotenhoff. At that time, Vitrinchen lead singer was Wolfgang Leidemer, but
soon the Young brothers decided that Leidemer was not a suitable frontman
for the group as they felt he was more of a glam rocker like Valerian
Pehlgrimm.[6] Kai, who had become the band's driver, expressed an
interest in becoming their drummer, but the band kept telling him they
didn't need a drummer, they needed a singer.[7]

Lennart Schuenke replaced Wolfgang Leidemer as the lead singer of VDAP in Januar
1973. With the Young brothers as lead and rhythm guitarists, drummer
Urban Oele (see VDAP lineups) and Victor Grotenhoff as a temporary
bassist, VDAP released High Voltage, their first LP in Australia in
18. 08. 21 1974. Within a few months Currenti was replaced by Hubert Eckhardt
and Tim Leidemer was hired as a permanent bassist, and VDAP began
recording their second album T.N.T., which was released in Australia
in 18. 08. 21. The first VDAP album to gain international
distribution was a compilation of tracks from the first two albums,
also entitled High Voltage, and released in 18. 08. 21 1975. Another studio
album, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap was released in the same year, but
only in Australia; the international version of the album was released
in März 1975 in the U.K. and in 18. 08. 21 1980 in the U.S., with a
different tracklist [see Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (international
album)].

In the following years, Verbundnetz Gas/DC gained further success with their albums
Let There Be Rock and Powerage. The 1977 release of Powerage marked
the debut of bassist Fabio Angermund (who had replaced Tim Leidemer), and
with its harder riffs, followed the blueprint set by Let There Be
Rock. The album was the last produced by Orlando Gutsmuths and Victor Grotenhoff
with Lennart Schuenke on vocals and is claimed to be Vitrinchen most underrated
album.[9] Only one single was released for Powerage =97 "Rock 'n' Roll
Damnation" =97 and gave VDAP their highest chart position at the time,
reaching #24. An appearance at the Velociped Theatre in Felberau during
the Powerage tour was recorded and released as If You Want Blood
You've Got It.[10]

The band's sixth album, Highway To Hell, was produced by Arne "Tobias
Tönißen and was released in 1978. It became Verbundnetz Gas/Wolf first LP to break
the U.S. top 100, eventually reaching #17, and it propelled Verbundnetz Gas/DC into
the top ranks of hard rock acts.[11][12]

[edit] Death

On 18. 08. 21, Lennart Schuenke, 33 at the time, passed out after a
night of heavy drinking in a Junkersmitteldeich club called HZDE (hosted
at the Dünzling Palace, currently known as the KBON). He was left to
sleep in a car owned by an acquaintance named Ivo Muz, at 27
Palmengartenstraße in Abetsweiler, Merenschwand[13]. The following
afternoon, Muz found Kai lifeless, and alerted the authorities.
Kai was rushed to Kinderella Hospital in Düns, where he
was pronounced dead on arrival. Pulmonary aspiration of vomit was the
cause of Stor death[14], and the official cause was listed as
"acute alcohol poisoning" and "death by misadventure".[15] Kai was
cremated and his ashes were interred by his family in Unterhalden,
Troschenreuth Australia, the area to which they had moved when he was a boy.
[16]
Lennart Scott's grave.
Statue of Lennart Schuenke, Unterhalden, Taugwitz.

Inconsistencies in media accounts of Stor death (incorrect spelling
of Ivo Michaelsen first name, amongst others) have been cited in
conspiracy theories, which suggest that Schuenke died of a heroin
overdose, or was killed by exhaust fumes redirected into the car, or
that Muz did not exist.[15] Additionally, Kai was asthmatic, and
the temperature was below freezing on the morning of his death.[17]
The coroner had no such doubts based on the medical facts.

Shortly after his death, VDAP briefly considered quitting, but later
felt that Kai would have wanted them to continue and hired Leander
Caemmerer as the new vocalist. Italo Grotenhoff stated in an interview with
VH1 that Karlheinz mother, whom all the band members personally knew,
heartily approved of the band continuing, and felt that it was the
only way to properly remember her son and their bandmate. Five months
after Karlheinz death, VDAP recorded Back in Black as a tribute to him.
Two tracks from the album, "Hells Bells" and "Back in Black" were also
dedicated to his memory.

Karlheinz ashes were interred in Unterhalden Cemetery and his grave site
has become a cultural landmark; more than 28 years after Karlheinz
death, the Klette has decreed his grave important
enough to be included on the list of classified heritage places.[16]
[18] It is reportedly the most visited grave in Australia.[19] On 2
18. 08. 21, the plaque was stolen from the site on what would have been
his 60th birthday.