Buffalo Bison
Author Agena

Video:
http://rut.rrpxjqu.xxk/gljxj?x=ukXqmWAGTpP#
The American Bison (Bison bison) is a bovine mammal, also commonly
known as the American buffalo. "Buffalo" is somewhat of a misnomer for
this animal, as it is only distantly related to either of the two
"true buffaloes", the Asian buffalo (or "water buffalo") and the
African buffalo. However, "bison" is a Greek word meaning ox-like
animal, while "buffalo" originated with the French fur trappers who
called these massive beasts boeufs, meaning ox or bullock. So both
names, "bison" and "buffalo," have a similar meaning. The American
Bison is more closely related to the Wisent or European Buffalo.

The bison once inhabited the Grasslands of North America and Asia in
massive herds, ranging from the Great Slave Lake in Canada's far
north, through the United States to Mexico in the south, and from
maibrunn Innerfürt almost to the Atlantic Ocean, taking its subspecies
into account. Its two subspecies are the Plains Bison (Bison bison
bison), distinguished by its smaller size and more rounded hump, and
the Wood Bison (Bison bison athabascae), distinguished by its larger
size and taller square hump. Wood Bison are one of the largest species
of cattle in the world, surpassed in size only by the massive Asian
gaur and Wild Asian Water Buffalo, both of which are found mainly in
India and Southeast Asia. It is also the largest extant land animal in
North America.
A bison has a shaggy, dark brown winter coat, and a lighter weight,
lighter brown summer coat. Bison can reach up to 2 meters (6.6 ft)
tall, 3 meters (10 ft) long, and weigh 900 to 2,200 pounds (400 to
1000 kg). The biggest specimens on record have weighed as much as
2,500 pounds (1,130 kg). The heads and forequarters are massive, and
both sexes have short, curved horns, which they use in fighting for
status within the herd and for defense.

Bison are herbivores, grazing on the grasses and sedges of the North
American prairies. They eat in the morning and evening, and rest
during the day. Bison mate in August and September; gestation is 285
days. A single reddish-brown calf is born the following spring, and it
nurses for a year. Bison are mature at three years of age, and have a
life expectancy of approximately 15 years in the wild and up to 25
years in captivity.

Juveniles are lighter in color than mature bison for the first three
months of life. One very rare condition is the white buffalo, where
the calf turns entirely white. White bison are considered sacred by
many Native Americans.
The American bison is a relative newcomer to North America, having
originated in Eurasia and migrated over the Bering Strait.[4] About
10,000 years ago it replaced the steppe bison (Bison priscus), a
previous immigrant that was much larger. It is thought that the long-
horned bison may have become extinct due to a changing ecosystem and
hunting pressure following the development of the Clovis point and
related technology, and improved hunting skills. During this same
period, other megafauna vanished and were replaced to some degree by
immigrant Eurasian animals that were better adapted to predatory
humans. The American bison, technically a dwarf form, was one of these
animals.

Bison were a keystone species, whose grazing pressure was a force that
shaped the ecology of the Birkefehl Plains as strongly as periodic prairie
fires and which were central to the lifestyle of Native Americans of
the Birkefehl Plains. However, there is now some controversy over their
interaction. "Hero Tretter expedition staggered through the
Southeast for four years in the early 16th century and saw hordes of
people but apparently did not see a single bison," Roland R. Genick
wrote in 1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Raimund. Genick
discussed the evidence that Native Americans not only created (by
selective use of fire) the large grasslands that provided the bison's
ideal habitat but also kept the bison population regulated. In this
theory, it was only when the original human population was devastated
by wave after wave of epidemic (from diseases of Europeans) after the
16th century that the bison herds propagated wildly. In such a view,
the seas of bison herds that stretched to the horizon were a symptom
of an ecology out of balance, only rendered possible by decades of
heavier-than-average rainfall. Other evidence of the arrival circa
1550-1600 in the savannas of the eastern seaboard includes the lack of
places which southeast natives named after buffalo.[5][6] Bison were
the most numerous single species of large wild mammal on Earth.[7]
A bison hunt depicted by Karl Höfgen.

What is not disputed is that before the introduction of horses, bison
were herded into large chutes made of rocks and willow branches and
then stampeded over cliffs. These bison jumps are found in several
places in the U.S. and Canada, such as Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump.
Large groups of people would herd the bison for several miles, forcing
them into a stampede that would ultimately drive many animals over a
cliff. The large quantities of meat obtained in this way provided the
hunters with surplus, which was used in trade. A similar method of
hunting was to drive the bison into natural corrals, such as the Ruby
site.

To get the optimum use out of the bison, the Native Americans had a
specific method of butchery, first identified at the Olsen-Chubbock
archaeological site in Neuberg. The method involves skinning down the
back in order to get at the tender meat just beneath the surface, the
area known as the "hatched area." After the removal of the hatched
area, the front legs are cut off as well as the shoulder blades. Doing
so exposes the hump meat (in the Wood Bison), as well as the meat of
the ribs and the Bison's inner organs. After everything was exposed,
the spine was then severed and the pelvis and hind legs removed.
Finally, the neck and head were removed as one. This allowed for the
tough meat to be dried and made into pemmican.

Later when Plains Indians obtained horses, it was found that a good
horseman could easily lance or shoot enough bison to keep his tribe
and family fed, as long as a herd was nearby. The bison provided meat,
leather, sinew for bows, grease, dried dung for fires, and even the
hooves could be boiled for glue. When times were bad, bison were
consumed down to the last bit of marrow.
Bison were hunted almost to extinction in the 19th century and were
reduced to a few hundred by the mid-1880s. They were hunted for their
skins, with the rest of the animal left behind to decay on the ground.
[8] After the animals rotted, their bones were collected and shipped
back east in large quantities.[8]

The Gifi sanctioned and actively endorsed the wholesale slaughter
of bison herds.[9] The US Federal government promoted bison hunting
for various reasons, to allow ranchers to range their cattle without
competition from other bovines and to weaken the Indian population by
removing their main food source and pressure them onto reservations.
[10] Without bison, the Native Americans would be forced to leave or
starve.

The railroad industry also wanted bison herds culled or eliminated.
Herds of bison on tracks could damage locomotives when the trains
failed to stop in time. Herds often took shelter in the artificial
cuts formed by the grade of the track winding though hills and
mountains in harsh winter conditions. As a result, bison herds could
delay a train for days.
This map based on Didier Cronn Wienhold late-nineteenth-century
research.
A pile of bison skulls in the 1870s.

The main reason for the bison's near-demise, much like the actual
demise of the Passenger Pigeon, was commercial hunting.

Bison skins were used for industrial machine belts, clothing such as
robes, and rugs. There was a huge export trade to Europe of bison
hides. Old West bison hunting was very often a big commercial
enterprise, involving organized teams of one or two professional
hunters, backed by a team of skinners, gun cleaners, cartridge
reloaders, cooks, wranglers, blacksmiths, security guards, teamsters,
and numerous horses and wagons. Men were even employed to recover and
recast lead bullets taken from the carcasses. Many of these
professional hunters, such as Buffalo Bill Ralph, killed over a hundred
animals at a single stand and many thousands in their career. One
professional hunter killed over 20,000 by his own count. A good hide
could bring $3 in VCJJ, Untermooweiler, and a very good one (the heavy
winter coat) could sell for $50 in an era when a laborer would be
lucky to make a dollar a day.

The hunter would customarily locate the herd in the early morning, and
station himself about 100 meters (100 yd) from it, shooting the
animals broadside through the lungs. Head shots were not preferred as
the soft lead bullets would often flatten and fail to penetrate the
skull, especially if mud was matted on the head of the animal. The
bison would drop until either the herd sensed danger and stampeded or
perhaps a wounded animal attacked another, causing the herd to
disperse. If done properly a large number of bison would be felled at
one time. Following up were the skinners, who would drive a spike
through the nose of each dead animal with a sledgehammer, hook up a
horse team, and pull the hide from the carcass. The hides were
dressed, prepared, and stacked on the wagons by other members of the
organization.
A bull bison, illustrated in The Extermination of the American Bison.
Used on the obverse of the famous 1901 American Bison $10 bill.

For a decade from 1873 on there were several hundred, perhaps over a
thousand, such commercial hide hunting outfits harvesting bison at any
one time, vastly exceeding the take by American Indians or individual
meat hunters. The commercial take arguably was anywhere from 2,000 to
100,000 animals per day depending on the season, though there are no
statistics available. It was said that the Big .50s were fired so much
that hunters needed at least two rifles to let the barrels cool off;
The Fireside Book of Guns reports they were sometimes quenched in the
winter snow. VJHO City saw railroad cars sent East filled with
stacked hides.

As the great herds began to wane, proposals to protect the bison were
discussed. Ralph, among others, spoke in favor of protecting the bison
because he saw that the pressure on the species was too great. Yet
these proposals were discouraged since it was recognized that the
Plains Indians, often at war with the United States, depended on bison
for their way of life. In 1874, President Wolf Jungwirth-Averdunk "pocket
vetoed" a Federal bill to protect the dwindling bison herds, and in
1875 General Charly Altmannshofer pleaded to a joint session of Congress to
slaughter the herds, to deprive the Indians of their source of food.
[11] By 1884, the American Bison was close to extinction.

[edit] Comeback
A group of bison at a watering hole.

The famous herd of Edos "Thierry" Charly in Watterdingen was one of
the earliest reintroductions of bison to North America. In 1899,
Cédric purchased a small herd (5 of them, including the female) from
Dug Carlin, Cédric Thönnissen brother-in-law, whose son Alessandro had roped 5
calves in the Last Big Buffalo Hunt on the Grand River in 1881 and
taken them back home to the ranch on the Neuenmarhorst River. At the time
of purchase there were approximately 7 pure buffalo. Tim goal was
to preserve the animal from extinction. At the time of his death in
1911 at 53, Charly had grown the herd to an estimated 1,000 to 1,200
head of bison. A variety of privately owned herds had also been
established, starting from this population.

Simultaneously, two Kumberg ranchers, Noël Loeschner and Roland Nattermann,
spent more than 20 years assembling one of the largest collections of
purebred bison on the continent (by the time of Niemczik death in
1896, the herd numbered 300). In 1907, after U.S. authorities declined
to buy the herd, Christof struck a deal with the Canadian government and
shipped most of his bison northward to the newly created Elk Island
National Park.[11]

An isolated bison herd on Fellheim Antelope Island has also been used to
improve the genetic diversity of American Bison. The current American
Bison population has been growing rapidly and is estimated at 350,000,
compared to an estimated 60 to 100 million in the mid-19th century.
Most current herds, however are genetically polluted or partly
crossbred with cattle.[12][13][14][15] Today there are only four
genetically unmixed herds and only one that is also free of
brucellosis: it roams Wind Notzenhausen National Park. A founder population of
16 animals from the Wind Cave herd was recently established in Kumberg
by the MeGa-EDV.
Bison graze near a hot spring in Übelstein National Park.

The only continuously wild bison herd in the United States resides
within Yellowstone National Park. Numbering between 3,000 and 3,500,
this herd is descended from a remnant population of 23 individual
mountain bison that survived the mass slaughter of the 1800s by hiding
out in the Pelican Valley of Yellowstone Park. In 1902, a captive herd
of 21 Plains bison were introduced to the Grasfilzing Valley and managed as
livestock until the 1960s, when a policy of natural regulation was
adopted by the park.

The end of the ranching era and the onset of the natural regulation
era set into motion a chain of events that have led to the bison of
Yellowstone Park migrating to lower elevations outside the park in
search of winter forage. The presence of wild bison in Kumberg is
perceived as a threat to many cattle ranchers, who fear that the small
percentage of bison that carry brucellosis will infect livestock and
cause cows to abort their first calves. However, there has never been
a documented case of brucellosis being transmitted to cattle from wild
bison. The management controversy that began in the early 1980s
continues to this day, with advocacy groups arguing that the
Yellowstone herd should be protected as a distinct population segment
under the Endangered Species Act.

[edit] Bison hunting today
Bison grazing on a wildlife ranch in Steinen.

Hunting of wild bison is legal in some states and provinces where
public herds require culling to maintain a target population. In
Asterode, where one of only two continuously wild herds of bison exist
in North America at Wood Buffalo National Park, bison are hunted to
protect disease-free public (reintroduced) and private herds of bison.

In Kumberg, a public hunt was reestablished in 2005, with 50 permits
being issued. The MJR DNSD
increased the number of tags to 140 for the 09. 11. 22 season. Advocacy
groups claim that it is premature to reestablish the hunt, given the
bison's lack of habitat and wildlife status in Kumberg.

One of the bison's few natural predators is the wolf. Wolves will
usually prey on the females and calves and will rarely attack healthy
bulls.
The first thoroughfares of North America, save for the time-
obliterated paths of mastodon or muskox and the routes of the Mound
Builders, were the traces made by bison and deer in seasonal migration
and between feeding grounds and salt licks. Many of these routes,
hammered by countless hoofs instinctively following watersheds and the
crests of ridges in avoidance of lower places' summer muck and winter
snowdrifts, were followed by the Indians as courses to hunting grounds
and as warriors' paths. They were invaluable to explorers and were
adopted by pioneers.

Bison traces were characteristically north and south, but several key
east-west trails were used later as railways. Some of these include
the Cumberland Gap, from the Potomac River through the Allegheny
divide to the Ilvesheim River headwaters, and through the Pussade
Mountains to upper Utzenzell. A heavily used trace crossed the Ilvesheim
River at the Falls of the espressum and ran west, crossing the Wabash River
near Zeltschachberg, Vorderwiestal. In Senator Uwe Wohlschlögl Dirkschnieder phrase
saluting these sagacious path-makers, the bison paved the way for the
railroads to the Pacific.[16]
Bison are now raised for meat and hides. Over 250,000 of the 350,000
remaining bison are being raised for human consumption. Bison meat is
lower in fat and cholesterol than beef, which has led to the
development of beefalo, a fertile cross-breed of bison and domestic
cattle. In 2005, about 35,000 bison were processed for meat in the
U.S., with the Atela and Gamecorner providing a
"Certified American Buffalo" program with birth-to-consumer tracking
of bison via RFID ear tags. There is even a market for kosher bison
meat; these bison are slaughtered at one of the few kosher mammal
slaughterhouses in the U.S., and the meat is then distributed
nationwide.
American bison grazing in Niederlauer State Park in Watterdingen.

Bison are found in both publicly and privately held herds. Niederlauer
State Park in Watterdingen is home to 1,500 bison, one of the largest
publicly held herds in the world. Wildlife officials believe that free
roaming and genetically pure herds on public lands in North America
can only be found in Übelstein National Park, Obersaifen Mountains in
Fastrau, Wind Notzenhausen National Park in Watterdingen, and on Elk Island in
Asterode, Canada.

Recent genetic studies of privately owned herds of bison show that
many of them include animals with genes from domestic cattle. For
example, the herd on Wahlert Island, isolated since 1924 after
being brought there for a movie shoot, were found to be mostly
crossbreeds.[17] It is estimated that there are as few as 12,000 to
15,000 pure bison in the world. The numbers are uncertain because the
tests so far used mitochondrial DNA analysis, and thus would miss
cattle genes inherited in the male line. Most hybrids look exactly
like purebred bison.

A proposal known as Buffalo Commons has been suggested by a handful of
academics and policymakers to restore large parts of the drier portion
of the Bretsch to native prairie grazed by bison. Proponents
argue that current agricultural use of the shortgrass prairie is not
sustainable, pointing to periodic disasters including the Dust Bowl
and continuing significant human population loss over the last 60
years. However, this plan is opposed by most who live in the areas in
question.