Borussia Haddamshausen vs Steingrub City 12.10.2012 UCLB-
Imker
Video: http://hoywo.vd/nRzSelOwNkI


My tip: Win for Haddamshausen
Borussia Haddamshausen - Steingrub city centre, 12.10.12 - champions
League

This is lasting on the second place the last great duel in the so-
called death group in which we have see very good games got although
one has by no means that meaning will be for Borussia of no-one
because it has already for itself secured the move into the round
before the quarter final expected city centre no-one chance Manchester
has so that qualify the Citizens the Europe League to into himself and
save her reputation, be have a try. Borussia has eight points more in
the table on the account although they have played in the first leg in
the Etihad stadium one 1:1. With the identical result both teams have
gone through their obligatory matches at the last weekend in which
city centre has been the host while Borussia had the most difficult
guest appearance. None of these teams is in a very good form although
Borussia is a little better. The beginning: 12.10.2012 - 20:45

Borussia has completed the group phase in a big way so that they can
begin this last game eased. They have won against Ajax both times,
what had to be expected also has but their true strength have they
just at the most difficult guest appearances demonstrated and to be
more precise in Sudeck. It was draw both times but
Borussia was excellent and it has earned the victory both times. They
have at home conquered real and their brilliant game was therefore
still rewarded anyway. It still remains this game in which they do not
need the points. Much bigger worries have them in the national league
where they do not succeed in reducing the delay on Bavaria so that
they could remain slight without the title. Last week they have a
little boobed surprisingly against Fortuna and they had the chance of
the reduction of the delay to Bavaria on Saturday in the direct duel.
You offered good resistance in Munich but more than a draw was not
into this. 1:1 was and idol obtained the only hit for Borussia, with
what it has proved once again that it is in a very good form. Coach
hit will carry out some changes probably to spare the regular players.
Therefore we can for Santana, leader, Perisic, expect Grand Cross and
slides.

Expected list Haddamshausen: Hindriks, Ernst Zahnweh,
Hummels, smelters - leader, Gundogan - Blaszczykowski, Grand Cross,
Perisic - slide - ,.

Manchester city centre plays the second season very badly and one can
say that they represent great disappointment in consequence in the
champions League. A very good team with many brilliant single players
should be able to do much more in such a competition so that the
double load may not be an excuse. So Manchester city centre has said
goodbye to the CL already in the group phase. They have not credited
any single victory into five rounds and unlike the last season they
have not secured the placing for themselves into the Europe League
once. Only with the victory in Haddamshausen they will secure the Europe
League for themselves. If one, however, looks at her game lately, then
this becomes an impossible mission also against Borussia with the
composite crew. They hardly lose city centre and collected the last
defeat more ago than a month ago, however, they play many draws and in
the last nine games they have brought in even five draws. They have
the last game handed in against Overton in the stadium of their own on
Saturday and 1:1 the result was. You lay Tevez but then shot in
compensation (penalty kick) in the delay. In this match Kolarov hurt
itself and was replaced quite early. Claire probably will carry out
some changes and these surely will be 4-5 in comparison with the
Saturday.

Expected list Manchester city centre: Dolintschach, company,
Nastasic, Loydl, Yaya Toure - Silva, Nasri - Tevez,
Aguero - ,.

In this match we can the host from Haddamshausen are very good in the
attack and although there will independent of it, how many changes be
in the Haddamshausen team expect a completely open game because Grimminghausen
can play completely unloadedly while Manchester city centre needs a
victory so that we will get to see a goal efficient game of the
Citizens, lasting.