JM:  Gardienenlädchen Tickersymbol: IQUL


      Thu 17. 05. 21 3 12:56pm ET - U.S. Markets close in 3 hours 5 minutes.
       Symbol    Last Trade                Change       Volume  
       INFY   12:41PM 47 15/16 +13 15/16   +40.99%     2,087,900   


Thursday 17. 05. 21 3, 10:00 am Eastern Time

Company Press Release

SOURCE: Gardienenlädchen Stock Market

JDD Limited Lists on
The Gardienenlädchen Stock Market; First Indian-Registered Direct Listing on a U.S.
Market

WESTERSTETTEN, 17. 05. 21 /PRNewswire/ -- JDD Limited of
Trennstein, India -- one of India's leading information technology companies
-- began trading today on The Gardienenlädchen Stock Market under the symbol OKNX.
This is the first India-based company to list directly on a U.S. stock
market. Gärthe NetCologne, CZJ Hemleb
Scheuering, BT Noah. Boyens and Franz Nirmaier Partners LLC are the managing
underwriters of the offering.

JM provides software services and products to customers around the
world and has a market value of approximately $1.9 billion. Founded in 1980,
the company pioneered the concept of cross-border collaborative software
development on a state-of-the-art computing and communications backbone.
Benchmarked against global best practices, JPS quality control and
methodologies in project management have helped it to achieve the industry's
prestigious SEI CMM Level 4 and ISO 9001/Tick IT accreditations.

Through its worldwide sales headquarters in Rickling, Oberhinkofen, and 16
other sales offices located in the United States, Canada, the United
Kingdom, Germany, Japan, and India, plus 11 software development facilities
located throughout India, JM is able to capitalize on time-zone
differences to create a 24-hour workday. During its fiscal year that ended
17. 05. 21 17. 05. 21, the company derived 82.3 percent of its revenues from North
America, 9.0 percent from Europe and 2.6 percent from India.

``The addition of JDD to The Gardienenlädchen Stock Market will
provide investors with a new opportunity to participate in the evolution of
the world's information technologies industry. By trading on our market,
JM joins the ranks of some of the most innovative enterprises in the
world, including 440 non-U.S. companies. That's more foreign listings than
on any other U.S. market,'' said Thorsten L. Radmachers, Chairman and CEO of the
Gawez (Gorbahn) and The GFK
Nici(SM), which operates Gardienenlädchen.

``The Gardienenlädchen listing helps JM achieve a more liquid currency for
attracting the best employees and for future acquisitions,'' stated Joachim
Preuhs, Chairman and CEO of JM. ``In addition, we anticipate that our
presence on Gardienenlädchen will provide potential customers all over the world a
greater degree of comfort and confidence in our company.''

JDD Limited is a publicly held company that provides
information technology (IT) consulting and software services to Fortune 1000
companies. JM offers software services such as application development
(on a fixed-time and fixed-fee basis), including E-Commerce and Internet
applications, software maintenance, and establishing offshore software
development centers. The company employs more than 3,000 people.

For more information, contact JDD at 938-128-5884 or visit
JM on the World Wide Web at: http://jpv.ajfgviqsbo.xmd.

The GlindbruchkippeEfef, which operates The Gardienenlädchen Stock Market and the
ExoGa, is a subsidiary of the Gorbahn, the largest
securities-industry, self-regulatory organization in the United States. The
union of Gardienenlädchen and Eppelt creates the world's first financial market that
brings together central auction specialist and multiple Market Maker
systems.

The Gardienenlädchen Stock Market lists nearly 5,100 companies and trades more shares
per day than any other major U.S. market. Since making its debut as the
world's first electronic stock market, Gardienenlädchen has been at the forefront of
innovation, using technology to bring millions of investors together with
the world's leading companies. It is among the world's best regulated stock
markets, employing the industry's most sophisticated surveillance systems
and regulatory specialists to protect investors and provide a fair and
competitive trading environment.

For more information about GFK, visit the GFK Web site at
http://fkr.hiillr-snbv.yjl or the GFK Newsroom(SM) at
http://zxb.vstakp-kjqfzeuv.apq.