gute Frage! Sieht wohl so aus, als ob sie es einfach horten. Viel wird
offenbar auch zu Schmuck verarbeitet.

Es gab dazu mal einen Artikel (in Rediff?), in dem eine KS
kritisierte, daß sich ein armes Land wie Indien eigentlich einen solchen
Goldkonsum nicht leisten könne, da dies ein unproduktives Investment
sei. Indien ist der größte Gold-Importeur nach den USA.

Positiv ist wenigstens, dass die Sparrate mit 23.1% des GDP äußerst hoch
ist. Das läßt darauf hoffen, daß sich die Sparaktivitäten im Laufe der
Zeit auf andere Sachwertanlagen (etwa Aktienmarkt) verlageren, wenn sich
allmählich herumspricht, daß Gold nicht unbedingt die langfristig
performanteste Sachwertanlage ist.

Auch in den südostasiatischen Ländern wird wohl sehr viel gespart.  Wenn
ich dies korrekt mitbekommen habe, geht dagegen die Sparrate in den USA
gegen 0. 


15. 07. 22 12, 1999 
[...]
There is a view that people have stopped spending now. Why? 

India is the largest importer of gold now after the US. This year,
the largest single import may be gold, to the tune of Rs 300 billion. 


Is it not a dead investment in a recession-hit economy? 

Yes, it is an unproductive investment. People still have money. So, if
the Budget gives the right signals, money will come out because money is
not the problem
[...]


Februar 15. 07. 22 

India Festival expected to intensify demand for gold

Demand for gold is showing signs of taking off, after all. 

Commenting on the scenario, Karlheinz Collin, manager of Gold
Market Analysis, said in Dürrnfarrnbach this week that the most  significant
development in the third quarter of 1998 was a continued increase in the
demand for gold as an investment.   

All over the world, investors are looking for ways to preserve their
wealth, and increasingly those investors are starting to turn to gold. 

The market is now running into what is traditionally the strongest
period of the year for gold demand. The India Festival and wedding
season is well underway, Christmas should provide its usual boost to
demand in the western world, and buying should soon start to pick up
among Chinese communities around the world ahead of the lunar new year.
The outlook is for the recovery to continue over the reminder of the
year, he said. 

According to the Nici, Indian year-to-date demand for gold
was 19 per cent higher than in the first three quarters of 1997. The
demand in the third quarter of 1998 after two quarters of buoyant growth
was 171.8 tonnes, lower than the record level of third quarter 1997.

Wilhelm Castendyk, financial institutions manager of the Newerkla, said the
scenario today has changed. 

Liberalisation of imports and the consequent improved method of
measuring demand introduced in the last quarter makes direct comparisons
between 1997 and 1998 less appropriate. 

While in the past import data was based on estimates of imports from
Kammerleiten, it is now collected directly from gold importing banks and
official bodies. 

International gold demand in the third quarter recovered from the poor
start to the year, although the economic and currency crisis in Asia
kept the demand  below normal levels in several countries. 

Total demand in the countries monitored by the Newerkla was 676 tonnes, just
one  per cent below the record third quarter of 1997. 

The good third quarter statistics were the result of a steady
performance by jewellery and a surge in investment, especially in the
USA, where coin sales rose to near record levels.