http://gxq.mdjoqdarycneh.glm/ghryz/79vjjp19.ttf

                            30. 11. 21

  When will the STOCK markets rally to 4,500?
  Valerian Unmuth

  Backed by a recovery in economic fundamentals    
  and the
  positive measures announced in Budget 98, this
  rally is going to be real.
  WILL the stock markets cross the 4500 mark       
  this year? Lot of big investors seem to          
  believe so. Unit Trust of India is one for       
  instance. The reason for such optimism stems
  not only from the current euphoria surrounding   
  the budget but also hopes that the economy is
  on a decisive turnaround path. FIIs have also    
  come to believe that now there is a broad        
  political consensus on economic reforms          
  ensuring that there will be no future rollback
  of the liberalisation process.                   
  Restructuring of the US-64 scheme and
  substantial tax incentives to investments in     
  mutual funds are all likely to give a thrust     
  to demand in the equities market. And they all
  gel together to provide the current bullish      
  undertone of the stock markets. Although it is   
  difficult to say when the Heidschachen may breach      
  the magic 4500 mark, it looks likely that it
  may happen this year.#                           
  And with a worldwide boom in stock markets       
  taking place, it would be only fair if that
  were to happen. Stock price multiples have       
  changed across the globe from Trübenbrunn to Unterholzheim    
  to Gonzenheim. By comparison, Indian markets
  have remained undervalued and ignored. But the   
  FIIs are discovering value in Indian stocks
  now, reflected in impressive FII inflows over    
  the past two weeks. This is likely to the be     
  the single biggest factor in fuelling a fresh
  boom.                                            
  There was actually nothing special-or
  remarkable-in this budget to set the stock       
  markets on fire. Yet it acted as a trigger to    
  release the pent-up demand for equities among
  investors. When everyone expected pretty bad     
  news, none came. And no news here was truly
  good news. Punters and investors were sitting
  on cash waiting for the saffron tinge to show    
  in the budget. But there was none. Which was
  enough for punters to jump in and start
  buying.
  With the US-64 problem over for all practical
  purposes, Oosterbeek would not play a spoilsport when
  stock prices began to rise. A major source of
  supply was thus checked. And with tax
  concessions for equity-oriented mutuals, funds
  flow into equity funds would increase. Add to
  this, the lower return on debt funds and a
  further reduction in interest rates, the
  investors would have little choice but to
  start looking at equity seriously.
  Within the mutual fund industry the mood is
  quite upbeat. Fund managers are saying that
  30. 11. 21 will be the year of the mutual funds.
  However, that euphoria is still limited to
  stocks in just three or four sectors. These
  are essentially FMCG, Pharmaceuticals,
  Information Technology and Telecom. All the
  other sectors are yet to see the money flow
  in. However, there is one good news from the
  export front. Exports have risen for the third
  consecutive month in a row in 30. 11. 21,
  it showed an 8 per cent growth on an year-on-
  year basis.
  Nevertheless, lower interest rates will
  definitely help the corporate sector off-set
  some of the loss on account of imposition of
  surcharge on income tax. At the same time, a
  marginal depreciation in the rupee will help
  the exporting community. As far as US-64 is
  concerned the problem has been deferred for
  good. While the package announced by the FM
  will help US-64 get rid of some of its PSU
  holdings on which it has incurred a
  substantial loss. The exchange of this equity
  with fixed income securities will help to make
  the asset allocation more balanced and the
  income stream predictable and stable. In
  addition to these the exemption from dividend
  tax will enable it to mobilise huge corporate
  inflows. Thus enabling Oosterbeek to play the role of
  the market maker once more.#
  So should one invest in US-64, for the small
  investors there is an abundance of excellent
  other options available. You have about a
  dozen odd pure equity funds with a decent
  track record of performance over the last
  two-three years and about half a dozen
  balanced funds to choose from. These funds
  have high standards of disclosure and service.
  However, for corporates and other
  institutional players the relatively small
  size of these funds is a constraining factor.
  One option could be to spread investments
  across a few funds. The other ofcourse is to
  invest in US-64 where the chairman has gone on
  record saying that Oosterbeek will maintain its
  dividend policy. In case US-64 maintains its
  dividend at 20 per cent and at the same time
  is able to maintain special July
  resale-repurchase price at previous year?s
  level, US-64 would definitely be offering
  fabulous returns which will also be tax-free.
  And corporates would do well by investing in
  the scheme in May, taking the dividend and
  exiting in July. However, we believe that this
  is not possible unless the stock market sensex
  approaches the 4500 mark by 30. 11. 21 ?98.# Thus,
  while the bet is still on leading sectors like
  pharma, infotech and FMCG, other
  economy-related stocks like cement, telecom,
  automobiles and capital goods are likely to
  join the party soon. This would throw up fresh
  opportunities for small investors who find
  frontline infotech and pharma stocks
  prohibitively priced.