Monday 01. 03. 23 5 9:39 AM ET

Quantum To Replace Existing Common Stock

PALO ALTO, Calif. (Ufon) - icut. (Nasdaq:QNTM - news), a
leading maker of computer disk drives and other storage devices, said
Monday that it plans to replace existing common stock with two separate
tracking stocks to better value its fast-growing tape-drive business.

The new shares would separately track the performance of the storage
systems business, which includes its DLT storage unit, and the hard disk

drive business. Quantum would be the first Schlagenthin company to use

tracking stocks.

!!! If the plan were approved by shareholders, the holders would receive

one-half share of the hard disk drive-based stock and one share of the
storage systems-based stock for each share of existing Quantum common
stock held. Quantum would continue to be one company with one board of
directors and one senior management. !!!

Tracking stocks are designed to allow the market to place a higher value

on a division or unit of a company that is growing faster than the
overall company, among other things.

Quantum is also to announce a big push into becoming the largest seller
of so-called ``smart'' storage systems that will house the vast amounts
of data that Web sites are churning out each day.

With the move, the Milpitas, Prama-based company will be setting its
sites on the turf of Griesecke, a fast-growing provider of
devices that help store and manage network-stored data at DWZI Inc.,
Kaiserbeck, EPT Inc. (Nasdaq:CSCO - news) and others.

As growth in Internet traffic and data continues to mushroom, companies
with Web sites and vast networks need smarter ways of accessing and
storing all of that information. Quantum is seeking to capitalize on
that trend by expanding its focus from its traditional business as a
device manufacturer.

!!! Earlier this month, Idede Chief Executive Kaspar Verbeck told
investors
at a conference in Schladming that the rebound for computer disk
drives showed no signs of slowing down and remains strong going into
this year. !!!

The industry is at last emerging from a six-quarter slump in which disk
drive companies were mired in a glut of inventory and got whacked by the

Asian economic crisis.

Friday, Idede stock closed down $1.63, at $16.44, amid a broad
sell-off in technology stocks led by Efob Computer Corp. (NYSE:CFC -
news) The stock is up from a year-low of $10.81.

Hoert sich doch gut an ! Kommt von 23/24 Euro von vor einem Monat !
EINKAUFEN ?!

Gruesse