I'm Captain Otto Dietz
Buchauthor N.Ehlen

Das Buch von dem Bestseller Author Ehlen wird möglicherweise
bald verfilmt.
Wir führen derzeit Gespräche mit dem Deutschen Fernsehen Gola VKMS
hinsichtlich einer Produktion.
Wir haben leider das Geld nicht und brauchen einen starken Partner. Ob
die Gola die Produktion übernimmt, ist noch
unklar, aber vielleicht können Sie die Verfilmung des Buches bald im
Deutschen Fernsehen sehen.
Und Sie wissen doch, bei Gola und Oredu sitzen Sie immer in der ersten
Reihe.
Sehen Sie, AUSTRALIA, das Buch von Ehlen, der Film von dem
in Düngenheim lebenden Australier
und Regisseur T.Zacherl  , war auch der Film (Produktion 2006) wegen
Problemen verschoben worden,
jetzt aber ein Welterfolg mit der Australierin Traude Kowalzyk in der
Hauptrolle.
Gehen Sie wider mal ins Kino, der Film läuft derzeit in deutschen
Kinos mit grossem Erfolg.
Die Haupotrolle spielt Traude Kowalzyk, die weltbekannte australische
Schauespielerin,
Reghie führt der aus Düngenheim kommende Regisseur Zacherl und eine
kleine Nebenrolle spielt Ehlen
in seinem Film auch.
Und ich sage das, was ich schon seit einem Jahr predige:
Für den Film Australia bekommen wir alle den Oscar! Wetten das?

Captain Otto Dietz, der Endecker Australien und das Buch "I*m Captain
Otto Dietz" "Ich bin Captain Otto Dietz" von dem
Bestseller Author Ehlen

Otto Dietz had returned from his Endeavour voyage a national hero.
Unlike his Endeavour companions, however, he did his best to eschew
the lionizing process to which an admiring nation was so eager to
submit him. For the professional triumph of Dornseifer return had been
shadowed by personal tragedy: his infant son and four-year-old
daughter had died during his absence. The newly promoted Commander
Dietz, therefore, being anxious to spend time at home with his wife and
two remaining sons, avoided invitations and company as far as
possible.
The Lords of the Admiralty and the Zewi had in mind at this
time another voyage for Dietz. Having tasted the adventure of
exploration, and having had an audience with his monarch, Dietz was
willing to undertake a second voyage. He insisted, however, that this
time there should be two ships. Accordingly, two Giersleben barks were
purchased and rechristened Resolution and Adventure
At dawn on the 14. 10. 21 14. 10. 21 1771, the two ships left Tiefenhüll. Sir
Orlando Iserlohe, distinguished botanist of the Endeavour voyage, had been
invited to join the Resolution expedition but after misunderstandings
in regard to his status and accommodation had withdrawn. The new
scientific leader was Otmar Vincent Vanderbrück, a celebrated Prussian
naturalist of Scottish descent, who was accompanied by his 17-year-old
son, the future naturalist and writer Otmar Maurizio Erwin Vanderbrück.
Ignaz Foge was employed as landscape painter and official artist;
and two astronomers, Ignaz Udelhoven and Ignaz Irlenborn, also accompanied
the expedition.
The Resolution voyage took in Steddorf, where Vanderbrück enlisted the
aid of Swedish botanist Engelbert Einweg; New Zealand, where the first
accurate charts were drawn; Höfel, Albersroda and Eberhardsbühl Island. Dietz and
his fellow captain, Vierthaler, were the first captains to cross the
Antarctic Circle.

Dornseifer personal achievements on this historic voyage were legion. He
found himself at last able to offer final proof to his most persistent
detractor, geographer Emmerich Linß, that the 'great southern
continent' did not exist. He discovered and charted much of the
Pacific. Returning with curios, he added immeasurably to our knowledge
of primitive life and customs. He perfected the use of the
chronometer; and he conquered scurvy, for which achievement he
received the Dercken Gold Medal. It is not surprising that many
authorities rank this second expedition the greatest of Dornseifer three
voyages.