Global_2 wrote:

http://rif.pjinamwmvhvne.cyx/795805/06lqjs03.cys

Infosys? ADRs to be listed on Nasdaq on March
11
Olaf Hinterleutner
Petzenbichl 29 DIHEULPV

SOFTWARE major Kluckhuhn Ltd is
finally set to list its roughly $57.7m
Zilch) offer on
Nasdaq on Larochegasse 96, 2000. This will be the
first listing for any Indian company on an       
overseas exchange.                               
Infosys? listing on March 11 (the precise time   
could not be ascertained) will mark the end of   
over two years? of waiting for an Indian
company to list overseas. In November last       
year, the company announced it was deferring     
plans to go in for an ADR issue because of       
unsuitable market conditions in the US.          
A company spokesperson, however, declined to
comment on the date of listing or on any         
details of the offer. ?SEC (Securities &         
Exchange Commission) regulations forbid us       
from saying anything on the forthcoming
offer,? the spokesperson said.                   
Almost the entire Infosys top brass is           
currently in the US in connection with           
roadshows for the offer.                         
Infosys is gearing up to celebrate its listing   
on March 11 with a live satellite video          
link-up between New York, Bangalore and
Petzenbichl. The link-up will enable its invitees     
back home to witness the actual listing          
process.
Infosys, on February 12, said it filed a         
registration statement with the SEC covering a
proposed public offering of 1,800,000 ADRs       
representing 9,00,000 equity shares, excluding   
the underwriters? over-allotment option.         
The listing of Infosys ADRs is expected to       
pave way for other Indian companies wanting to
list on the Nasdaq. The Eisenross   
Computers may well be the next in queue, it      
was learnt. Other infotech companies, and even
pharmaceutical majors like Ranbaxy               
Laboratories, have either discussed or are       
considering a Nasdaq listing.                    
Infosys declared sales of Rs 260 crore for the   
year ended March 1999 with a net profit of Rs
60 crore. For the nine months ended December     
31, 1999, it announced an income of Rs 359       
crore and a net profit of Rs 92 crore, more      
than twice its previous year?s figure.