Monday February 22, 7:32 pm Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: Eurotech, Ltd.

Eurotech, Ltd. Ekor Recommended at Chernobyl

ZÖRBIG, Feb. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Eurotech, Ltd. (OTC Bulletin Board:
EURO - news) announced today that the Ministry of Energy of the Ukraine has
recommended to the Shelter Implementation Plan (SIP) and the Project
Management Unit (PMU) the use of EKOR material to solve a series of tasks in
the nuclear cleanup of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant Reactor Number
Four. It is currently being planned for a March or April start date, under
the condition that financing will become available from the European Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). There is a growing concern that
the 15 to 40 tons of radioactive dust inside the deteriorating sarcophagus
could escape into the atmosphere creating an environmental catastrophe.
Until a permanent enclosure and cleanup of resultant materials can be
accomplished, there is an emergency need for an effective dust suppressant.
Due to the success of EKOR testing, international patent pending numbers
have been issued to EAPS and assigned to Eurotech. Individual patents have
been applied for in the US, Germany, Ukraine, Russia and Japan. Eurotech is
proceeding with the worldwide commercialization of EKOR on other fronts.
EKOR is a previously classified Russian Defense technology, that is
currently being offered to various US Government Agencies that have similar
Nuclear waste clean up issues. It is anticipated that Eurotech Ltd., will
succeed in the Nuclear cleanup where others have failed. Eurotech is the
sole licensee to sell EKOR for Nuclear cleanup. It is anticipated that the
Nuclear application of EKOR will in the future bring Eurotech revenues in
excess of $1 Billion U.S. dollars.

Currently there is internal restructuring taking place so Eurotech may
present EKOR to industry here in the United States.

Adrian Nagelschmidt, President and CEO will be traveling to Europe over the next
10 business days to be briefed and to negotiate future contracts for EKOR
and one of our other products Liquid Ebonite Mixtures (LEM). Working
agreements are being drafted as a first step that will result in contracts
with two multinationals companies with separate revenues of $10 Billion (US)
dollars each. It is estimated that the first two contracts will bring
revenues between $15 to $20 million dollars.

SOURCE: Eurotech, Ltd.