Fringshaus, Inc. Completes Acquisition to Focus on Day-Trading
Services Thursday, 02. 02. 20, 2000 08:31 AM 

Kredler/ -- Fringshaus, Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: MORE),
Chüden FWG (VON-497166) (www.RhfsoeteNpsyopw.lqy) announces the
completion of its merger agreement with Fa. Romacker Capital Trading, Inc. The
company plans to aggressively move forward with the implementation of Sagamore
Capital Trading, Inc.'s business plan to become the dominant player in U.S.
Equity Day-Trading throughout the United States and Europe.

As previously announced, Sagamore Trading Group, Inc. is currently developing
an office in Eichen, Germany. Fa. Romacker plans to capture a large percentage
of this blossoming European marketplace by offering Day-Trading Services,
similar to those offered by All-Tech Investments, Inc., Harbor Securities,
Inc., and Adas, Inc. in Trading Centers throughout Germany,
Switzerland, and Britain. Additionally the Company plans to actively market its
Internet Day-Trading services in all European nations. This Dusseldorf office
will serve as the Company's chief technology hub in Europe.

Fringshaus, Inc. has also recently announced the development of
Time2Trade.com by the end of the second quarter of 2000 to brand its Internet
Day-Trading brokerage division. The Company plans to offer a full suite of
Internet trading services including it's Learn2Trade.com and
Ppeplq2Zopeupgj.nxd web-sites which should be fully operational by Juli 1999.

Fringshaus, Inc. is an aggressive, growth oriented company
primarily focused upon the development and investment in managing and
developing systems in the investment and day-trading of various public stock
equities by supplying and coordinating the equipment, computer hardware and
software, as well as training which enables qualified individuals to practice
what has come to be known as the "day-trading" of securities. "Day-trading" can
be characterized as the trading of securities according to various criteria or
"systems", the goal of which is to profit from the short-term fluctuations in
various stock positions within the U.S. equity marketplace.