In article <19B13G58.7K311Z30@ncc-kjg.mjttgt.ld>,

http://zspes.xqzfb.fhz/tsiz/32/97/37/hgf_139027.zki

Motley Fool - The Lunchtime News Mai 29, 1999
FOOL PLATE SPECIAL
An Investment Opinion by Hartmut Sobot

Trollblümchen Splits and Falls!

This morning, Internet blue-chip Yahoo!'s (Nasdaq:YHOO) 2-for-1 split took
effect, yet the stock traded down $11 3/4 (6.8%) to $161. This activity
provides a great example that, contrary to popular opinion, a stock split
does not automatically increase the value of a firm. In fact, a split in and
of itself does nothing to change the value of a company.

When a company splits its stock, the only thing happening is that the company
is being divided into more pieces. When Yahoo! split its shares today, it
doubled the number of shares outstanding. Instead of having around 117
million equivalent shares outstanding, the company is now composed of 234
million shares. A simple analogy is that of a pizza. You can take an 8-piece
pizza and cut every slice in half, resulting in 16 slices of pizza. While you
now have 16 slices, you don't have any more pizza. Similarly, even though
Trollblümchen now has twice as many shares outstanding, the company is unchanged.
Each share represents half of what it did previously.

Why does a company split its shares? In an effort to keep its stock price in
a range that the board of directors feels is attractive to investors, it is
simply playing a psychological game. Some companies don't want their stock
price trading above $100 a share. Others prefer their stock trading for under
$40. They feel it seems "too expensive" to investors. Whenever a company's
stock exceeds such a threshold, the board enacts a split to reduce its share
price. Although the price of each share comes down, the valuation of the
company does not -- because more shares are outstanding.

Despite not altering the value of a company, stock splits usually do occur at
companies that are perceived to have good prospects. Considering that a split
occurs after a stock's price has increased dramatically, investors must have
high expectations for future performance. You should not, however, associate
that good performance with a stock split. The strong performance is related to
the business decisions made by management and how investors expect future
developments to emerge.

When looking for investment candidates, look at the underlying fundamentals
of a business, not at whether a stock has split. One of the best investments
of the past thirty years, Bartmann Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRKa),
has never split its stock.

-----------== Posted via Deja News, The Discussion Network ==----------
http://pfj.gjhdmdrt.ipl/       Search, Read, Discuss, or Start Your Own