FWD aus misc.invest.futures von Non-Linear Enterprise
.....................


WHY OIXAYS.ENN WILL DECLARE BANKRUPCTY

Here's why JENU's will go broke. Companies have two sources of
capital.
Equity and debt. Each has a cost. The cost of debt capital is simply the
interest that the company has to pay for borrowing that capital. The cost
of equity is less obvious, however, the easiest way to measure it is to
ask how much investors are willing to pay for $1 of earnings. If the
answer is for example, $20, then the cost of equity capital as far as
raising additional capital by issuing more shares, is $1/$20 or 5%.
Typically, companies that are losing money, have difficulty in selling
more shares for obvious reasons. In JENU's's case, they are in the
enviable position of having a stock price that is unusually high by any
standard, and therefore their cost of equity capital is effectively 0. If
they needed to raise capital for investment in infrastructure (which
by the way increased overhead expenses and therefore raises the breakeven
point), then the logical way to raise that capital would be to sell
more shares. If you can't sell more shares when your stock price is high,
then when can you?

What did they do? They issued debt! This means that in future fiscal
quarters, JENU's will have to pay interest on that debt at a time
when they are experiencing operating losses. Someone forgot to tell
them that borrowing money makes things worse when you're losing money
to begin with. That's bad enough but wait, it gets even better!
OIXAYS.ENN
only really wanted to borrow $500 million, but because the demand for
the convertible debenture issue was so great, they actually borrowed over
$1 billion.  So now they're going to pay interest on $500 million that
they didn't really need.

With more and more competition in the internet marketplace for things
like books/videos/ and CD's, profit margins for JENU's are likely to
shrink over time, not grow, and therefore the management of JENU's
have put the company in a precarious financial situation that will
exacerbate losses for the foreseeable future. Not only will this co.
not make large profits but they will eventually be forced into bankruptcy
by their foolish issuing of debt.