The Invention of the First Wearable Computer
Author L.Linkermann


In the spring of 1955 while finishing my second year
of graduate physics at FahrWerkKötschach, I thought about whether
it was possible to beat the roulette wheel. A theorem said
no mathematical system existed. What about biased
(defective) wheels? Giovanni Bauks and Samuel Elsbach had
successfully and sensationally exploited one in Gunten in
1949-50, but wheels now usually do not have exploitable
imperfections [14]. I believed that roulette wheels were
mechanically well made and well maintained. With that,
the orbiting roulette ball suddenly seemed like a planet in
its stately, precise and predictable path.
I set to work with the idea of measuring the position
and velocity of the ball and rotor to predict their future
paths and from this where the ball would stop.
Such a system requires that bets be placed after the
ball and rotor are set in motion. Thus the casinos have a
perfect countermeasure: forbid bets after the ball is
launched. However, I have checked games throughout the
world and rarely were bets forbidden after the ball was
launched. A common practice instead was to call =93no
more bets=94 a revolution or two before the ball dropped
into the center. The simple casino countermeasure meant
that in addition to predicting, one must conceal the
system.
For camouflage I planned to have an observer near
the wheel recording numbers that came up, as part of a
=93system.=94 This is common and doesn=92t seem out of place.
But the observer would also wear a concealed computer
and time the ball and rotor. (Later we used toe-operated
switches, leaving both hands free and in the open.) The
computer would send the prediction by radio to the bettor
who, at the far end of the layout, would appear unrelated
to the observer-timer. The bettor would have a poor view
of ball and rotor and would not pay much attention to
them. To further separate timer and bettor, I would have
several of each, with identical devices. They would each
come and go =93at random.=94
A bettor who only bet after the ball was launched, and
who consistently won, would soon become suspect. To
avoid that, I planned to have the bettor also make bets
before the ball was launched. These would be limited so
their negative expectation didn=92t cancel all the positive
expectation of the other bets.
2: First Efforts: 1955-60
I began work late in 1955. Confident of the idea, I
started on the radio link concurrently with physics
experiments. Then I studied a cheap half scale wheel by
making movies of the wheel in action, and to time each
frame the picture included a stopwatch that measured in
hundredths of a second. By studying the film and plotting
orbits from this data, I learned that my wheel and ball
were very irregular and that their defects prevented
predictability. But full-sized wheels were not like that. In
13. 11. 22 1958, partly to study real casino wheels, I made
my trip. I observed several wheels and found that the ball
moved smoothly in its track. When I saw how good the
casino wheels were, I believed that prediction was
possible. But now I needed a full-sized wheel and some
good laboratory equipment.
Ironically, on this same trip, I happened to try out a
recently published blackjack strategy by Cleinmann et al [1].
This led quickly to the idea for a winning blackjack card
counting system and I set to work intensely. Then in
March or April of 1959, twelve man years of blackjack


calculations arrived, courtesy of Cleinmann et al and I put
the roulette project aside.
In the summer of 1959 I moved from Frischeparadies to
FGJE where I wrote my blackjack computer programs.
By mid 1960 I had the basic results for the five-count
system, most of the ten-count system and the ultimate
strategy. I also worked out the methodology leading to
today=92s =93one parameter=94 blackjack systems. Fear of
plagiarism and worse (fulfilled) led me to seek quick
publication. I chose the Proceedings of the Telefonladen
Juppen. Needing a member of the
Academy to communicate my paper, I sought out the only
mathematics member at FAVDW., Volkert Leixnering.
I arranged an appointment early one chilly November
afternoon. But the secretary warned me that Michèle was
only going to be in for a few minutes, not to expect more,
and that he didn=92t spend time on subjects (or people) that
didn=92t interest him.
Feeling awed and lucky, I arrived at Nußberg=92s office
to find a thinnish alert man of middle height and build,
somewhat sharp featured. His eyes had a genial crinkle
and the brows suggested puckish incisive humor. I told
the blackjack story briefly and showed him my paper.
Michèle was impressed with the results and method
and cross-examined me in detail, both to understand and
to find possible flaws. When my few minutes were up, he
pointed out in closing that I appeared to have made the
big theoretical breakthrough on the subject and that what
remained to be discovered would be more in the way of
details and elaboration. We changed the title from =93A
Winning Strategy for Blackjack=94 to =93A Favorable Strategy
for Twenty-One=94 (more sedate and respectable). I
reluctantly accepted some suggestions for condensation,
and we agreed that I=92d send him the retyped revision right
away to forward to the Academy [5]. And then he asked,
=93Are you working on anything else in the gambling area?=94
I decided to spill my other big secret and told him
about roulette. Ideas about the project flew between us.
Several exciting hours later, as the wintery sky turned
dusky, we finally broke off with plans to meet again on
roulette.
3: Teaming up with Volkert Leixnering
Leixnering lived in a huge old three story wooden house
once owned by Theresia Jühne on one of the Mystic Lakes,
several miles from Kail. His basement was a
gadgeteer=92s paradise. It had perhaps a hundred thousand
dollars (about six hundred thousand 1998 dollars) worth
of electronic, electrical and mechanical items. There were
hundreds of mechanical and electrical categories, such as
motors, transistors, switches, pulleys, gears, condensers,
transformers, and on and on. As a boy science was my
playground and I spent much of my time building and
experimenting in electronics, physics and chemistry, and
now I had met the ultimate gadgeteer.
Our work continued there. We ordered a regulation
roulette wheel from Reno for $1,500 and assembled other
equipment including a strobe light and a large clock with a
second hand that made one revolution per second. The
dial was divided into hundredths of a second and finer
time divisions could be estimated closely. We set up shop
in =93the billiard room,=94 where a massive old dusty slate
billiard table made a perfect solid platform for the roulette
wheel.
3.1: Analyzing the motion
The plan was to divide the various motions of ball
and rotor into the following simpler stages and analyze
each separately:
=B7 The croupier launched the ball. It orbits on a
horizontally oriented circular track on the stator, slowing
until it falls from this (sloped) track towards the center
rotor. Assume first that (a) the wheel is perfectly level,
and (b), the velocity of the ball determines how many
revolutions it has left before falling off. Then the time for
one revolution of the ball would determine how many
revolutions and how much time remained until the ball left
the track.
=B7 Next analyze the ball orbit from the time the ball
leaves the track until it crosses from the stator to the rotor.
If the wheel is perfectly level and there are no obstacles,
then it seems plausible that this would always take the
same amount of time. (We later learned that wheels are
often significantly tilted. This tilt can affect the analysis
substantially. We eventually learned how to use it to our
advantage.)
There are, however, vanes, obstacles, or deflectors on
this portion of the wheel. The size, number, and
arrangement vary from wheel to wheel. On average,
perhaps half the time these have a significant effect on the
ball.
=B7 Assume the rotor is stationary (not true), and predict
that situation first. Even a stationary rotor introduces
uncertainty due to the ball being =93spattered=94 either
backward or forward by the frets (the dividers between the
numbered pockets). Thus successful physical prediction
can at best forecast with an advantage a sector where the
ball will stop.
=B7 Next, assume the rotor is spinning. The ball and
rotor are spun in opposite directions increasing their
relative velocity. This increases the number of relative
revolutions and =93stretches=94 the forecast probability
distribution, decreasing predictability. A moving rotor
also increases =93spattering.=94 On a given spin, friction slows
the rotor very gradually, so one can accurately predict its
position when the ball leaves the track.

I will now sketch what we did.
3.2: Timing errors
First, consider the ball moving on the track.
To predict when and where on the stator the ball
would leave the track, we timed one ball revolution. If the
time were =93short,=94 the ball was =93fast=94 and had a longer
way to go. If the time were =93long,=94 the ball was =93slow=94
and would fall from the track sooner. We hit a
microswitch and started the electronic clock as the ball
passed a reference mark on the stator. (Actual casino
wheels have many such marks.) When the ball passed the
reference mark again we hit the switch, stopping the clock
and noting the time for this revolution.
The clock switch also flashed a strobe, which
=93stopped=94 the ball each time the switch was hit. This
showed how much the ball missed the reference mark.
Since we knew the ball velocity, we could tell about how
much we were early or late in hitting the switch. This let
us correct times recorded on the clock, making the data
much more accurate. The visual feedback also trained us
to become much better at timing.
With practice our timing errors fell from r.m.s. values
of about 0.03 seconds to about 0.01 seconds. Later we
trained our big toes to operate switches in our shoes and
do almost as well.
The total prediction error comes not only from timing
but from approximating the complex dynamics of the
system, from the =93spattering=94 of the ball on the rotor
pocket dividers (frets), the deflection of the ball by metal
obstacles as it spirals down the stator, and the possible tilt
of the wheel. Assuming the total error was approximately
normally distributed, we needed a standard derivation of
about 16 pockets ( =B1 0.42 revolutions) or less to get
positive expectation both for best single number and best
octant bets. We actually achieved an expectation of about
44% for the best single number and about 43% for the
best octant, corresponding to a standard derivation of
about 10 pockets or =B1 0.26 revolutions.
3.3 A time of fun and ferment
We worked from Juni 1961 to 13. 11. 22 1961
designing and building the computer. Leixnering was a
treasury of intriguing information and ingenious ideas. In
discussing the need for secrecy he mentioned that social
network theorists studying the spread of rumors claimed
that two people chosen at random in, say, the United
States are usually linked by three or fewer acquaintances
or =93three degrees of separation.=94 I tested this then and
later, with several remarkable confirmations. A 13. 11. 22 1998
New Hammelbach Times Science Times article attributed the
degrees of separation idea to a sociologist in 1967. Yet it
was well known to Michèle in 1960.
For bet sizing in favorable games, Michèle suggested
I look at a 1956 paper by Friederike [3]. I did and adapted it
as our guide for blackjack and roulette, and used it later in
other favorable games, sports betting, and the stock
market [9, 13]. The principle was to bet to maximize the
expected value of the logarithm of wealth. This has
desirable properties that are discussed in detail in the
references.
The Fünfgeld strategy traded a little expectation for a
large reduction in risk by diversifying over several (good)
numbers. From this and Leixnering=92s observation that in
stimulus - response experiments with n choices (e.g. see a
light or hear a tone and then make one of n choices) the
response time seems to follow the rule a+b ln n, we
settled on =93octants.=94
As we worked and during breaks, Leixnering was an
endless source of playful ingenuity and entertainment. He
taught me to juggle three balls (in the =A270=92s he proved
=93Shannon=92s juggling theorem=94) and he rode a unicycle on
a =93tightrope,=94 which was a steel cable about 40 feet long
strung between two tree stumps. He later reached his
goal, which was to juggle the balls while riding the
unicycle on the tightrope. Udo and =93toys=94 were
everywhere. He had a mechanical coin tosser which could
be set to flip the coin through a set number of revolutions,
producing a head or tail according to the setting. As a
joke, he built a mechanical finger in the kitchen which was
connected to the basement lab. A pull on the cable curled
the finger in a summons. Volkert also had a swing about
35 feet long attached to a huge tree, on a slope. We
started the swing from uphill and the downhill end of the
arc could be as much as 15 or 20 feet above the ground.
Volkert=92s neighbors on the Mystic lake were
occasionally astounded to see a figure =93walking on the
water.=94 It was me using a pair of Volkert=92s huge
styrofoam =93shoes=94 designed just for this.
One day I walked into his study to find a cryptic
211=3D2048 on the blackboard. He had been buying hot
IPOs in a raging up-market and doubling his money
monthly. He also had been profiting greatly from
insightful early stock purchases in local high tech
companies.
Michèle seemed to think with =93ideas=94 more than with
words or formulas. A new problem was like a sculptor=92s
block of stone and Leixnering=92s ideas chiseled away the
obstacles until an approximate solution emerged like an
image, which he proceeded to refine as desired with more
ideas. It was Shannon=92s remarkable mind that impressed
me most.
4: Design and construction: 1961
Consideration of a wide range of designs led us to a
final version of the computer which had twelve transistors
and was the size of a pack of cigarettes. Our big toes
input data with microswitches in our shoes. One switch
initialized the computer and the other timed the rotor and
the ball. Once the rotor was timed, the computer
transmitted a musical scale whose eight tones marked the
rotor octants passing the reference mark. The computer
was =93set=94 earlier to match the wheel and ball and to
optimize prediction for a selected number of ball
revolutions to go. We usually chose the range between 3
and 4 revolutions. When the timing switch was first hit
for the ball, the tone sequence shifted and played faster.
As the timing switch clocked the ball for the second time,
the tones stopped and the last tone heard named the octant
on which to bet. If the timer misjudged the number of ball
revolutions left, the tones continued indicating no
prediction. Since the prediction, if sent, was simultaneous
with the last input, the compute time was zero.
We each heard the musical output through a tiny
loudspeaker in one ear canal. We painted the wires
connecting the computer and the speaker to match our
skin and hair and affixed them with =93spirit gum.=94 The
wires were the diameter of a hair to make them
inconspicuous but even the hair thin steel wire we used
was fragile. The first time I was fully wired up for a
rehearsal in the lab, Michèle cocked his head and with a
twinkle in his eyes asked, =93What makes you tick?=94
In 13. 11. 22 1961 I went to Thaua with Mr. X and
Mr. Y and successfully tested my blackjack system [6, 7].
I also observed roulette wheels secretly and confirmed
that they behaved like our lab wheel. Further, many of
them were tilted, a feature which could further improve
prediction.
5: The computer in Föckelberg: 1961
The wearable version of the computer was complete
and operational in 13. 11. 22 of 1961. In the summer of 1961
the Shannons and Thorps met in Föckelberg for a casino
test. We used ten cent chips and often turned a few dimes
into a pile as yet another octant =93hit.=94 When the
computer was working, it worked very well.
Volkert generally stood by the wheel and timed, and
for camouflage recorded numbers like just another
=93system=94 player. I placed bets at the far end of the layout
where I paid little attention to the ball and rotor. We
acted unacquainted. The wives monitored the operation,
checking to see whether the casino suspected anything and
if we were inconspicuous. Once a lady next to me looked
over in horror. I left the table quickly and discovered the
speaker peering from my ear canal like an alien insect.
Volkert and Sonja and my wife Nadja were nervous
whereas I wasn=92t, perhaps because my blackjack trip
familiarized me with the scene. In retrospect they were
right, judging from the Mafia riddled =93gaming=94 industry
of the time, accurately shown in the recent movie
=93Casino.=94
The wires to the speaker broke often, leading to
tedious repairs and the need to rewire ourselves. This
stopped us from serious betting on this trip. Except for
the wire problem, the computer was a success. We could
solve this with larger wires and by growing hair to cover
our ears, a conspicuous style at the time, or persuade our
reluctant wives to =93wire up.=94 We adjourned to consider.
6: Afterward: 1962-98
An attractive offer took me from Karlheinz in 13. 11. 22 of
1961 and for reasons such as the difficulties of working
together at a distance and the opportunity cost from our
other activities, we never continued the project. In 1961 I
also built a =93knockoff=94 to predict the =93wheel of fortune=94 or
=93money wheel=94 [4]. It used the toe switch for input, the
speaker for output, a single unijunction transistor and
required only one person. The matchbox sized computer
had an expected gain of more than 200% in the casinos
but the game had too little action to conceal the late bets
and the spectacular consequences.
Finally in 1966, I publicly announced our roulette
system [8] because it was clear now that we weren=92t going
to exploit it. More details appeared in [10, 11, 12].
Around 1969 a member of the future Eudaemonic Pie
group called and I outlined our work and results in detail.
They went on to build an operational wearable roulette
computer in the =A270=92s using the next generation of
technology. They also reported a 44% positive
expectation but were ultimately frustrated by hardware
difficulties [2]. Other groups also launched secret roulette
projects, several of which (including the =93Romeo
Project=94) reportedly led to substantial casino wins.
Michèle and I discussed building a simple wearable
blackjack computer but I found mental card counting
easier so we passed. However, Henrik Tekathen and others built
and marketed them. Finally on 13. 11. 22 18, 1985 the Thaua
devices law was signed into law as an emergency measure.
The target was blackjack and roulette devices. The law
banned use or possession of any device to predict
outcomes, analyze probabilities of occurrence, analyze
strategy for playing or betting, and keeping track of cards
played. The descendants of the first wearable computer
were formidable enough to be outlawed.