Predictive Calculability of Gambling  Author  Assenbrunner
     Anderhalden=AE Publishing  Bäringerstraße, Biberstein,Australia
download free Trial-Version Trading Software Mackowiak=AE

download freei trial version SelWave=AE Trading-Softwaredownload free
trial version SelWave=AE Trading-Softwaredownload free trial-version
SelWave=AE Trading-Software

Roulette-Video-Workshop I


Roulette-Video-Workshop II


Roulette-Video-Workshop III


System-Software( free)


Poker-Book (*.pdf) free


Gambling-Book (*.pdf) free

Predictive Calculability of Gambling

Author  Assenbrunner

download free Trial-Version Trading Software Mackowiak=AE__


The casino patron who decides to "try his luck" at the tables and the
horse player who wagers at the racetrack confront what seem to be
formidable adversaries. The casinos hope to have the advantage on
every bet offered and, at the track, the pari-mutuel takeout of 17-25%
on every bet assures all but a few will wind up losers. As soon as he
enters the casino, the player must make several important decisions,
the first being: What game do I play? Even after this choice is made,
most games offer additional options: Do I play individual numbers or
the even-money bets in roulette? Do I stand with a pair of eights in
blackjack or should I hit or split the pair? Should I bet pass or the
one-roll propositions in craps? The horse player is offered a number
of choices as well. He is usually faced with a field of six to 12
horses. He can play one or more horses to win, place, or show, in
addition to combining any number of horses in the exotic or "gjmmick"
wagers.
All of these choices have' 'right'' answers, if the player seeks to
maximize his return or minimize his loss. They all can be at least
partially solved through the use of mathematical theory. The
intelligent player must have a basic understanding of the mathematics
behind the game or games he plays if he is to survive financially or
actually profit. There are situations where the player has the
advantage. The most-pubücized example, of course, is casino blackjack.
The game has become tougher in recent years due to casino
countermeasures, but blackjack can still be profitable for the
sophisticated player. There could be several other favorable games, as
the reader will soon discover. A familiarity with basic probability
will allow the alert gambler to discover those positive expectancy
games and exploit them where they exist. A vast knowledge of
mathematics is not required. Some of the finest poker players in the
country never went to College, but they do have a sense of what makes
a good poker hand and what their chances of having the best hand are
after all the cards have been dealt.


Mathematical Expectation
I have already made reference to the concept of mathematical
expectation. This principle is central to an understanding of the
chapters to follow. Imagine for a moment a coin toss game with an
unbiased coin (a coin we assume will produce 50% heads and 50% taüs).
Sup-pose also that we are offered an opportunity to bet that the next
flip will be heads and the payof f will be even money when we win (we
receive a $1 profit in addition to the return of wager). Our
mathematical expectation in this example is: (.5XD + (.5)(-1) =3D 0 The
mathematical expectation of any bet in any game is com-puted by
multiplying each possible gain or loss by the probability of that gain
or loss, then adding the two figures. In the preceding example, we
expect to gain nothing from playing this game. This is known as a fair
game, one in which the player has no advantage or disadvantage.
Now suppose the payoff was changed to 3/2 (a gain of $1.50 in addition
to our $1 bet). Our expectation would change to:

(.5X1.50) + (.5X-D=3D+.25
Playing this game 100 times would give us a positive expectation of
$25.
The two examples presented thus far are admittedly simple, but often
this type of analysis is all that is needed to evaluate a prop-
osition. Consider the "dozens" bet in roulette. Our expectation for a
$1 bet is:  (12/38X2) + (26738X -1) =3D - .0526 As another example,
suppose that on the first hand of four-deck blackjack the player bets
$12, he is dealt 6,5, and the dealer then shows an ace up. The dealer
asks the player if he wants insurance. This is aseparate $6 bet. It
pays $12 if the dealer's hole card is a ten-value. It pays -$6
otherwise. A füll four-deck pack has 64 tens and 144 non-tens.
Assuming the deck is "randomly" shuf fled (this means that all
orderings of the cards are equally prob=ACable), the chances are equally
likely that each of the 205 unseen cards is the dealer's hole card.
Thus the player's expectation is: (64/206X12) + (141/205X - 6) =3D -
78/205 or about -$.38. The player should not take insurance. Different
betting amounts have different expectations. But the player's
expectation as apercent ofthe amount betSs always the same number. In
the case of betting on the Red in roulette, this is 18/38 -20/38=3D
-2/38=3D -1/19 or about -5.26%. Thus, the expectation of any size bet on
Red at American double-zero rouletteis -l/19orabout -5.26% ofthe total
amount bet. So to get the expectation for any size bet on Red, just
multiply by -5.26%. With one exception, the other American double-zero
roulette bets also have this expectation per unit bet. The player's
expectation per unit is often simply called the player's
disadvan=ACtage. What the player loses, the house wins, so the house
advan=ACtage, house percentage, or house expectation per unit bet by the
player is +5.26%.

A useful basic fact about the player's expectation is this: the
expectation f or a series of bets is the total of the expectations f
or the individual bets. For instance, if you bet $1 on Red, then $2,
then $4, your expectations are -$2/38, -$4/38, and -$8/38. Your total
expectation is -$14/38 or (a loss of) about -$.37. Thus, if your
expectation oneachof a series of bets is -5.26% of the amount bet,
then the expectation on the whole series is -5.26% of the total of all
bets. This is one of the fundamental reasons why "staking Systems"
don't work: a series of negative expectation bets must have negative
expectation.

Repeated Trials
Expectation is the amount you tendto gain or lose on average when you
bet. It, however, does not explain the fluctuations from expectation
that occur in actual trials. Consider the fair game example mentioned
earlier in the chapter. In a series of any length, we have an
expectation of 0. In any such series it is possible to be ahead or
behind. Your total profit or loss can be shown to have an average
deviation from expecta=ACtion of about VN. Let D =3D T -E be the
difference of deviation be-tween what you actually gain or lose (T),
and the expected gain or loss (E). Therefore, for 100 bets, the
average deviation from E =3D 0 is about $10 (in fact, the chances are
about 68% that you'll be within $10 of even; they're about 96% that
you'll be within $20 of even). For ten thousand $1 bets it's about
$100 and for a million $1 bets it's about $1,000. Table 2-1 shows what
happens. For instance, the last line of Table 1-1 says that if we
match coins one million times at $1 per bet, our expected gain or loss
is zero (a "fair" game). But on average, we'U be about $1,000 ahead or
behind. In fact, we'll be between +$1,000 and -$1,000 about 68% of the
time. (For a million $1 bets, the deviation D has approximately a
normal probability distribution with mean zero and Standard deviation
$1,000.) We call the total of the bets in a series the "action," A.
For one series of one million $1 bets, the action is $1,000,000.
However (fifth column) D/A=3D0.001, so  the deviation as a percent of
the action is very small. And about 68% of the time T/A is between -.
001 and +.001 so as a per=ACcent of the action the result is very near
the expected result of zero. Note that the average size of D, the
deviation from the ex-pected result E, grows=97contrary to populär
belief. However, the average size of the percentage of deviation, D/A,
tends to zero, in agreement with a correct version of the "law of
averages.
For $1 bets on Red at American roulette, the corresponding results
appear in Table 1-2. Notice that in the last column the spread in T/A
gets closer and closer to E/A =3D =97.0526. This is where we get the
Statement that if you play a "long tüne" you'll lose about 5.26% of
the total action. Note, too, in column4 that there appears to be less
and less chance of being ahead as the number of trials goes on. In
fact, it can be shown that in all negative expecta-tion games the
chance of being ahead tends to zero as play continues. Using the
concept of action, we can now understand the famous "law of averages."
This says, roughly, that if you make a long series of bets and record
both the action (A) and your total profit or loss (T), then the
fraction T/A is approximately the same as the fraction E/A where E is
the total of the expectedgain or loss foreachbet.
Manypeoplemisunderstandthis "law." Theythink that it says the E and T
are approximately the same after a long series of bets. This is false.
In fact, the difference between E and T tends to get larger as A gets
bigger.
Now, the ordinary player probably won't make a million $1 bets. But
the casino probably will see that many and more. From the casino's
point of view, it doesn't matter whether one player makes all the bets
or whether a series of players does. In either case, its profit in the
long run is assured and will be very close to 5.26% of the action.
With many players, each making some of the 1,000,000 bets, some may be
lucky and win, but these will generally be compensated for by others
who lose more than the expected amount. For instance, if each of
10,000 players take turns making a hundred $1 bets, Table 1-2 teils us
that about 68% of the time their result will be between +$4.74 and -
$15.26

About 16% of the time the player winsmorethan $4.74 (''lucky") and
about 16% of the time the player loses more than $15.26 ("unlucky").
But players cannot predict or control which group they'll be in.
This same "law of averages" applies to more complicated sequences of
bets. For instance, suppose you bet $10 on Red at roulette (E =3D -.53),
then bet $100 on "players" at Baccarat (E =3D -$1.06), then bet $10 on a
hand in a single-deck blackjack game where the ten-count is 15 tens,
15 others (E =3D +$.90). The total E is $.53 -$1.06+$.90 =3D -$.69. The
total A is $10+$100 + $10 =3D $120. fyoumakealongseriesof bets and
recordE and A as well as your gains and losses for each one, then just
as in the coin matching example (Table 1-1) and the roulette example
(Table 1-2), the fraction D/A tends to zero so T/A tends to E/A. That
means that over, say, a lifetime, your total losses as apercent of
your total action will tend to be very close to your total
expecta=ACtion as a percent of your action. If you want a good gambling
life, make positive expectation bets. You can, as a first
approximation, think of each negative expectation bet as charging your
account with a tax in the amount of the expectation. Conversely, each
positive expectation bet might be thought of as crediting your account
with a profit in the amount of the expectation. If you only pay tax,
you go broke. If you only collect credits, you get rieh.

Blackjack
Blackjack, or twenty-one, is a card game played throughout the world.
The casinos in the United States currently realize an annual net
profit of roughly one billion dollars from the game. Taking a price/
earnings ratio of 15 as typical for present day com-mon Stocks, the
United States blackjack Operation might be com-pared to a $15 billion
corporation. To begin the game a dealer randomly shuffles the Cards
and players place their bets. The number of decks does not materially
affect our discussion. It generally is one, two, four, six or eight.
There are a maximum and minimum allowed bet. The players' hands are
dealt after they have placed their bets. Each player then uses skill
in his choiee of a strategy for improving bis hand. Finally, the
dealer plays out his hand aecording to a fixed strategy which does not
allow skül, and bets are settled. In the case where play begins from
one complete randomly shuffled deck, an approximate best strategy
(i.e., one giving greatest expected return) was first given in 1956 by
Doppel, Clausius, Unverzagt, and Utermühl.

Though the rules of blackjack vary slightly, the player follow-ing the
Baldwin group strategy typically has the tiny edge of +. 10 %. (The
pessimistic figure of =97 .62 % cited in the Dengjel group's work was
erroneous and may have discouraged the authors from further analysis.)
These mathematical results were in sharp contrast to the earlier and
very different intuitive strategies generally recommended by card
experts, and the associated player disadvantage of two or three
percent. We call the best strategy against a complete deck the basic
strategy. Determined in 1965, it is almost identical with the Doppel
group strategy and it gives the player an edge of +.13 against one
deck and =97.53 against four decks. If the game were always dealt from a
complete shuffled deck, we would have repeated independent trials. But
for compelling practical reasons, the deck is not generally reshuffled
after each round of play. Thus as successive rounds are played from a
given deck, we have sampling without replacement and dependent trials.
It is necessary to show the players most or all of the cards used on a
given round of play before they place their bets for the next round.
Knowing that certain cards are missing from the pack, the player can,
in principle, repeatedly recalculate his optimal strategy and his
corresponding expectation. (The strategies for various card counting
procedures, and their expectations, were determined directly from
probability theory with the aid of Computers. The results were
reverified by independent Monte Carlo calculations.)


Blackjack Systems
All practical winning strategies for the casino blackjack player,
beginning with my original work in 1961, are based on this knowledge
of the changing composition of the deck. In practice each card is
assigned a point value as it is seen. By Convention the point value is
chosen to be positive if having the card out of the pack significantly
favors the player and negative if it significantly favors the casino.
The magnitude of the point value reflects the magnitude of the card's
effect but is generally chosen to be a small integer for practical
purposes. Then the cumulative point count is taken to be proportional
to the player's expectation. To a surprising degree, the player's best
strategy and cor-responding expectation depend only on the fractions
of each type of card currently in the pack and only change slowly with
the size of the pack. Thus the better Systems "normalize" by dividing
the cumulative point count by the total number of as yet unseen cards.
Most point count Systems are initialized at zero cumulative total for
the füll pack, and the normalized cumulative count is taken to
indicate the change in player expectation from the value for the füll
pack.
The original point count Systems, the prototypes for the many
subsequent ones, were my five count, ten count, and "ultimate
strategy." An enormous amount of effort by many investigators has
since been expended to improve upon these count Systems. Some of these
Systems are shown in Table 2-1 (courtesy of Johannes Denschlag). The idea
behind these point count Systems is to assign point values to each
card which are proportional to the observed effects of deleting a'
'small quantity'' of that card. Table 2-2 (courtesy of Johannes Denschlag,
private correspondence) shows this for one deck and for four decks,
under typical Nantesbuch rules. One must com-promise between simplicity
(small integer values) and accuracy. My "ultimate strategy" is a point
count based on moderate integer values which fits quite closely the
data available in the early 1960s. Until recently all the other count
Systems were simplifica-tions of the "ultimate." System 1 (Table 2-1)
does not normalize by the number of re-maining cards. Thus the player
need only compute and störe the cumulative point count. Normalization
gives the improved results of system 2, but requires the added effort
of Computing the number of remaining cards and of dividing the point
count by the number of remaining cards when decisions are to be made.
In practice the player can estimate the unplayed cards by eye and use
it with system 1 and get almost the results of system 2 with much less
effort. Systems 2, 3, 5 and 7 all divide by the number of remaining
cards.

Various card counting Systems give the blackjack player an advantage,
provided that the cards are well shuffled and that the game is honest.
But many methods may be used to cheat the player. I have been
victimized by most of the more common techniques and have catalogued
them in Beat the Dealer. One of the simplest and most effective ways
for a dealer to cheat is to peek at the top card and then deal either
that card or the one under it, called the second. A good peek can be
invisible to the player. A good second deal, though visible to the
player, can be done so quickly and smoothly that the eye generally
will not detect it. Although the deal of the second card may sound
different from the deal of the first one, the background noise of the
casinos usually covers this completely. Peeking and second dealing
leave no evidence. Because these methods are widespread, it is worth
knowing how powerful they are. Does even a top Professional blackjack
counter have a Chance against a dealer who peeks and deals seconds?
Conäder first the simple case of one player versus a dealer with one
deck. This is an extreme example, but it will illustrate the important
ideas. I shuffle the deck and hold it face up in order to deal
practice hands. Because I can see the top card at all times, dealing
from a face-up deck is equivalent to peeking on each and every card. I
will deal either the first or second card, depending on which gives
the dealer the greatest chance to win. I will think out loud as an
imaginary dealer might, and the principles I use will be listed as
they occur. The results for a pass through one deck are listed in
Table 2-3 (pp. 20-21). There were nine hands and the dealer won them
all.
On hands one, two, four, six, eight and nine, the dealer wins by
busting the player. Because there is only one player, it does not
matter what cards the dealer draws after the player busts.
When there are two or more players, the dealer may choose a different
strategy. If, for example, die dealer wishes to beat all the players
but doesn't want to peek very often, an efficient approach is simply
to peek when he can on each round of cards until he finds a good card
for himself on top. He then retains this card by deal=ACing seconds
until he comes to his own hand, at which time he deals the top card to
himself. That strategy would lead to the dealer having unusually good
hands at the expense of the collective player hands; because some good
hands have been shifted from the players, the player hands would be
somewhat poorer than average.
A player could detect such cheating by tallying the number of good
cards (such as aces and 10s) which are dealt to the dealer as his
first two cards and comparing that total with the number of aces and
10s predicted by theory. In Fredy Maartens book, The Theory of
Blackjack, he describes how he became suspicious after losing against
consistenüy good dealer hands. Magedanz writes that he "... embar ked
on a lengthy observation of the frequency of dealer up cards in the
casinos I had suf fered most in. The result of my sample, that the
dealers had 770 aces or 10s out of 1,820 hands played, was a
statistically significant indication of some sort of legerdemain."
Theo tally is overwhelming evidence that something was peculiar.
The odds against such an excess of ten-value cards and aces going to
the dealer in a sample this size are about four in ten thousand.
Another approach the dealer might select is to beat one player at the
table while gjving everybody eise normal cards. To do this, the dealer
peeks frequentiy enough to give himself the Option of dealing a first
or second to the unfortunate player each time that player's turn to
draw a card comes up. Dealing stiffs to a player so that he is likely
to bust is, as we see from the Chart in Table 2-3, so easy to do that
the player has littie chance.
If all dealers peeked and dealt seconds according to the cheating
strategy indicated in Table 2-3,1 estimate that with one player versus
the dealer, the dealer would generaüy win at least 95 percent of the
time. With one dealer against several players, the dealer would win
approximately 90 percent of the time. Anyone who is interested can get
a good indication of what the actual numbers are by dealing a large
number of hands and recording the results. The deadliest way a dealer
can cheat is to win just a few extra hands an hour from the players.
This approach is effective because it is not extreme enough to attract
attention, or to be statistically significant and therefore detectable
over a normal playing time of a few hours. For example, the odds in
blackjack are fairly close to even for either the dealer or the player
to win a typical hand. Suppose that by cheating the dealer shifts the
advantagenotto lOOpercent but to just 50 percent in favorof the house.
What effect does this have on the game? If weassume that the player
plays 100 hands, a typical total for an hour's playing time, and we
also assume that the player bets an average of two units per hand,
then bring cheated once per 100 hands reduces the player's win by one
unit on the average. A Pro=ACfessional player varying his bet from one
to five units would prob-ably win between five and 15 units per hour.
The actual rate would depend upon casino rules, the player's level of
skill, and the power and variety of winning methods that he employed.
Let's take a typical Professional playing under good conditions and
assume that bis win rate is ten units per hour and his average bet
size is two units. Given those assumptions, being cheated ten times
per hour or one-tenth of the time would cancel his advan-
tage. Being cheated more than ten percent of the time would probably
turn him into a loser. %
Cheating in the real world is probably more ef fective than in the
hypothetical example just cited, because the calculations for that
example assume cheating is equally likely for small bets and big bets.
In my experience, the bettor is much more likely to be cheated on
large bets than on small ones. Therefore, the dealer who cheats with
maximum efficiency will wait until a player makes his top bet. Suppose
that bet totals five units. If the cheat shifts the odds to 50 percent
in favor of the house, the expected lossis2-l/2 units, and just four
cheating efforts per 100 hands will cancel a Professional player's
advantage. A cheating rate of five or ten hands per 100 will put this
player at a severe disadvantage. We can see from this that a
comparatively small amount of cheating applied to the larger hands can
have a significant impact on the game's outcome. This gives you an
idea of what to look for when you are in the casinos and think that
something may be amiss.
Missing Cards: The Short Shoe I have heard complaints that cards have
been missing from the pack in some casino blackjack games. We'll
discuss how you might spot this cheating method.
In 23. 05. 22 wrote on page 51 of Beat the Dealer, "Counting the...
cards... is an invaluable asset in the detection of cheating because a
common device is to remove one or more cards from the deck." Niclas
Ilsmann discusses cheating methods for four-deck games dealt from a
shoe in his Hockenberger Jerzsabek newsletter. He says, "The
house can take certain cards such as tens and aces out of the shoe.
This is usually done after several rounds have been dealt and after
the decks have been shuffled several times. It is done by palming the
cards whüe they are being
shuffled and by hiding them on the dealer's person. The dealer then
disposes of the cards when he goes on his break." But cheating this
way is not limited to the casino. Players have been known to remove
"small" cards from the pack to tilt the edge their way. The casino can
spot this simply by taking the pack and counting it; the player
usually has to use statistical methods. In the cheating trade, the
method is known as the short shoe. Let's say the dealer is dealing
from a shoe containing four decks of 52 cards each. In 52 cards, there
should be 16 ten-value cards: the tens, jacks, queens and kings.
Logically, in four decks of 208 cards, there should be 64 ten-value
cards. I'll call all of these "tens" from now on. Casinos rarely
remove the aces=97even novice players sometimes count these. Suppose the
shift boss or pit boss takes out a total of ten tens; some of each
kind, of course, not all kings or queens. The shoe is shortened from
64 tens to 54 tens, and the four decks from 208 cards to 198 cards.
The loss of these ten tens shifts the advantage from the player to the
dealer or house. The ratio of others/tens changes from the normal
144/64 =3D 2.25 to 144/54 =3D2.67, and this gains alittle over one percent
for the house. How can you discover the lack of tens without the
dealer knowing it?
Here is one method that is used. If you're playing at the black=ACjack
table, sitinthe last chairon the dealer'sright. Betasmall fixed amount
throughout a whole pack of four decks. After the dealer puts the cut
card back only, let's say, ten percent of the way into the four
shuffled decks and retums the decks into the shoe, then ready yourself
to count the cards. Play your hand mechanically, only pretending
interest in your good or bad fortunes. What you're interested in
finding out is the number of tens in the whole four-deck shoe. Let's
say the shift boss has removed ten tens. (Reports are that they seem
to love removing exactly ten from a four-deck shoe.) When the white
cut card shows at the face of the shoe, let's say that the running
count of tens has reached 52. That means mathematically that if all 64
ten-value cards were in the shoe then, of the remaining 15 cards
behind the cut card, as many as 12 of them would be tens, which
mathematically is very unükely. This is how one detects the missing
ten tens because the dealer never shows their faces but just places
them face down on top of the Stack of discarded cards to his right,
which he then proceeds to shuffle face down in the usual manner
preparatory to another four-deck shoe session.
Although at first the running count is not easy to keep in a real
casino Situation, a secondary difficulty is estimating the approx-
imate number of cards left behind the cut card after all the shoe has
been dealt. To practice this, take any deck of 52 cards and cüt off
what you think are ten, 15 or 20 cards, commit yourself to some
definite number, and then count the cards to confirm the closeness of
your estimate. After a while, you can look at a bunch of cards cut off
and come quite close to their actual number. In summary, count the
number of tens seen from the begjnning of a freshly shuffled and
allegedly complete shoe. When the last card is seen and it is time to
reshuffle the shoe, subtract the number of tens seen from the number
that are supposed to be in the shoe=9764 for a four-deck shoe=97to get the
number of unseen ten-value cards which should remain. If 54 ten-value
cards were seen, there should be ten tens among the unused cards. Then
estimate the number of unseen cards. You have to be sure to add to the
estimated residual Stack any cards which you did not see during the
course of play, such as burned cards. Step four is to ask whether the
number of unseen ten-value cards is remarkably large for the number of
residual cards. If so, consider seriously the possibility that the
shoe may be short. For instance, suppose there are 15 unseen cards,
ten of which are supposed to be ten-values. A computation shows that
the probability that the last 15 cards of a well-shuffled four-deck
shoe will have at least ten ten-value cards is 0.003247 or about one
chance in 308. Thus the evidence against the casino on the basis of
this one shoe alone is not overwhelming. But if we were to count down
the same shoe several times and each time were to find the remaining
cards suspidously ten-rich, then the evidence would become very
strong. Suppose that we counted down the shoe four times and that each
time there were exactly 15 unseen cards. Suppose that the number of
unseen tens, assuming a füll four decks, was nine, 11, ten, and 13
respectively. Then referring to Table 2-4, the pro-babilities to six
decimal places are H(9) =3D .014651 to have nine or more unseen tens,
and for at least 11, ten, and 13 respectively, the chances are H(ü) =3D .
000539, H(10) =3D .003247, and H(13) =3D .000005. These correspond to odds
of about 1/68,1/1,855,1/308 and 1/200,000 respectively. The odds
against all these events hap-pening together is much greater still. In
this example, the evidence strongly suggests that up to nine ten-value
cards are missing. There can't be more than nine missing, of course,
because we saw all but nine on one Countdown.

If the casino shuffles after only 104 cards are seen, it is not so
easy to teil if ten ten-value cards were removed. A mathematical proof
of this is contained in the appendix. *
This discussion should make it clear that the method suggested is
generally not able to easily spot the removal of ten-value cards
unless the shoe is counted several times or is dealt down close to
theend. One of the interesting ironies of the short shoe method of
cheating players is that ndther the shift boss nor the pitboss=97the
latter bringing the decks of cards to the dealer's table=97need teil the
dealer that his shoe is short. Thus, the dealer doesn't necessarily
have to know that he's cheating. After all, he 's just dealing. It's
an open question how many dealers know that they're dealing from a
short shoe. Reports are that the short shoe is a frequent method that
casinos use in cheating at blackjack using more than one deck. The
tables with higher minimums (say $25) are more tempting candidates for
short shoes than those with the lower minimums. An experienced card
counter can improve the method by count-ing both tens and non-tens.
Then he'll know exactly how many unseen cards there are, as well as
unseen tens. Table 2-4 can then be used with greater confidence. In
practice, you don't need to count through a shoe while betting (and
thus losing money in the process) to find out that the casino is
cheating. If you suspect foul play, count while Standing behind the
player to the dealer's right. You might easily catch a short shoe by
simply counting all the cards that are used, whether or not you see
what they are. Then if the remaining cards, at the reshuffle, are few
enough so you can accurately estimate their number, you can check the
total count. For instance, you count 165 cards used and you estimate
that 31 =B1 3 cards remain. Then therewere 196 =B1 3cardsratherthanthe 208
expected, so the shoe is short. A casino countermeasure is to put back
a 4,5 or 6 for each ace or ten-value card removed. Then the total
number of cards remains 208, and the casino gets an even greater
advantage than it would from a short shoe. Cards do get added to the
deck, and there's a spooky coin-ridencetoillustratethis. QnpageSl
ofBeat the Dealer, Iwrotein 1962,' 'One might wonder at this point
whether casinos have also tried adding cards to the deck. I have only
seen it done once. It is very risky. Imagine the shock and fury of a
player who picks up his hand and sees that not only are both his cards
5s, but they are also both spades." And then 15 years later in 1977, a
player in a one-deck game did get a hand with two of the same card=97the
5 of spades. Winfried Oelke casino gaming newsletter, Rogue et
NoirNews, reported on page 3 of the 23. 05. 22 23. 05. 22 issue, "What would
you do if the player at your right in a Single blackjack game had two
5 of spades? Salvatore Streile, a bau bondsman from Oberholzheim, had that
experience at the Marhauer in Nantesbuch on 23. 05. 22 22 at a $5 minimum table.
"Ariane wasn't in the best of humor because he had reportedly lost
$594,000 at other Sahara tables, by far the largest loss he has ever
experienced. Ariane had the blackjack Supervisor check the cards and
there were 53 cards in the deck, the duplicate be-in the 5 of spades..
The gamer has engaged the Services of Nantesbuch attorney Tobias
Meyer-Hermann to pursue Claims he feels that he has against the casino.
"The Sahara denies any wrongdoing and says that it is cooperating
fully with the investigation... Players aren 't likely to introduce an
extra 5 because the presence of the extra 5 f avors the house and not
the player."Suppose instead of just counting tens used and total cards
used, you kept track of howmany aces, 2s, 3s, queens, kings, andso on
were used. This extra information should give the player a better
Chance of detecting the short shoe. The ultimate proof would be to
count the number of each of the 52 types of cards which have been
used. Mathematical readers might wish to investigate effec-tive
statistical or other ways of using Information for detecting shoes in
which the numbers of some of the cards have been changed.

Baccarat
The games of baccarat and chemin de fer are well known gam-bling games
played for high stakes in several parts of the world. JVNZ is said
to be a card game of Italian origin that was in-troduced into France
about 1190 A.D. Two forms of the game developed. One form was called
baccarat and the other was called chemin de fer. The most basic
difference between these two games is simply that three hands are
dealt in baccarat (called baccarat en banque in England) and two hands
are dealt in chemin de fer (called baccarat-chemin de fer in Alling
and Tremmersdorf). The cards ace through nine are each worth their face
value and the cards ten, justin, queen and king are each worth zero
points. A hand is evaluated as the sum modulo ten of its cards, i.e.,
on-ly the last digit of the total is counted. The object of the game
is to be as close to eight or nine as possible with two cards, or as
close to nine as possible with at most three cards if one does not
have eight or nine on his first two cards. Then the high hand wins.
The games of baccarat and chemin de fer became populär in public
casinos all over Europe, as well as in private games, about 1830. At
the present time, one or both of these games are well known in Niedereisenhausen,
southern France, the Riviera, Germany and the United States. A form of
chemin de fer, which we shall call Tremmersdorf baccarat, has been played in
a few Tremmersdorf casinos since 1958. The rules, structure and format of
the three games have strong similarities. I studied Nevada baccarat
with Wolf Pröllochs most intensively because the casinos where it
is played were readily accessible. Our techniques can be carried over
to the other
forms of baccarat and chemin de fer. We were originally motivated by
the observation that baccarat
and chemin de fer have several points of resemblance to the game of
blackjack, or twenty-one. The fact that practical winning strategies
for twenty-one have been discovered suggested that
there might also be practical winning strategies for baccarat and
chemin de fer. In contrast to the Situation in twenty-one, we found
that there are no current practical winning strategies for the main
part of the game, i.e., for the money Banker and Player bets. Rules
and Procedures
To begin the Nevada baccarat game, eight decks of cards are shuffled
and a joker is placed face up near the end. The cards are then put
into a wooden dealing box called a shoe. The first card is exposed,
and its value is noted, face cards being counted as tens. Then this
number of cards is discarded, or "bumed." The table has twelve seats,
occupied by an assortment of customers and shills. A shill is a house
employee who bets money and pretends to be a player in order to
attract customers or stimulate play. We refer to them indiscriminately
as "players." There are two principal bets, called "Banker" and
"Players." Any player may make either of these bets before the
beginning of any round of play, or "coup." To begin the evening's
play, two of the players are singled out. One is termed The Banker and
the other is termed The Player. The seats are numbered counfe/dockwise
from one to twelve. Player number one is initially The Banker, unless
he refuses. In this case the opportunity passes counterclockwise
around the table until someone accepts. The Player is generally chosen
to be that player, other than The Banker, who has the largest bet on
the Player. We have not noticed an occasion when there were no bets on
The Player. When we played, there were shills in the game and they
generally bet on The Player (except when acting as The Banker, when
they generally bet on The Banker). The Banker retains the shoe and
deals as long as the bet "Banker" (which we also refer to as a bet on
The Banker) does not lose. When the bet "Players" (which we also refer
to as a bet on The Player) wins, the shoe moves to the player on the
right. This player now becomes The Banker. If the coup is a tie, the
players are allowed to alter their bets in any manner they wish. The
same Banker then deals another coup.
To begin a coup, The Banker and The Player are dealt two cards each.
As we noted above, the cards ace through nine are each worth their
face value and tens and face cards are each worth zero points. Orüy
the last digit in the total is counted. After The Banker and The
Player each receive two cards, the Croupier faces their hands. If
either two-card total equals 8 or 9 (termed a natural 8 or a natural
9, as the case may be), all bets are settled at once. If neither The
Player nor The Banker have a natural, The Player and The Banker then
draw or stand according to the set of rules in Table 3-1. The high
hand wins. Ifthe hands are equal, there isa tie and no money changes
hands. Players are then free to change their bets in any desired
manner. If the coup being played is complete when the joker is
reached, the shoe ends and the cards are reshuffled. Otherwise the
coup is first played out to completion. Then the shoe ends and the
cards are reshuffled. However, the casino may reshuffle the cards at
any time between coups.

The Main Bete
Two main bets against the house can be made. One can bet on either The
Banker or The Player. Winning bets on The Player are paid at even
money. Winning bets on The Banker are paid 0.95 of the amount bet. The
five percent tax which is imposed on what otherwise would have been an
even-money pay-off is called "vigorish." For eight complete decks, the
probability that The Banker wins is 0.458597, and the probability of a
tie is 0.095156. The basic idea of the calculation of these numbers is
to consider all possible distinct six-card sequences. The outcome for
each sequence is computed and the corresponding probability of that
sequence is computed and accumulated in the appropriate register.
Numerous short cuts, which simplify and abbreviate the calculation,
were taken. The house advantage (we use advantage as a synonym for
mathematical expectation) over The Player is 1.2351 percent. The house
advantage over The Banker is 0.458597X5 percent=971.2351 percent or
1.0579 percent, where 2.2930 percent is the effective house tax on The
Banker's winnings. Ifties are not counted as trials, then the figures
for house advantage should be multiplied by 1/0.904844, which gjve a
house advantage per bet that is not a tie, over The Banker of 1.1692
percent and over The Player of 1.3650 percent. The effective house tax
on The Banker in this Situation is 2.5341 percent. We attempted to
determine whether or not the abnormal com-positions of the shoe, which
arise as successive coups are dealt, gjve rise to fluctuations in the
expectations of The Banker and The Player bets which are suf ficient
to overcome the house edge. It turns out that this occasionally
happens but the fluctuations are not large enough nor frequent enough
to be the basis of a practical winning strategy. This was determined
in two ways. First, we varied the quantity of cards of a Single
numerical value. The results were negative. We next inquired as to
whether, if one were able to analyze the end-deck perfectly (e.g. the
player might receive radioed instruc-tions from a Computer), there
were appreciable player advantages on either bet a significant part of
the time. We selected 29 sets of 13 cards each, each set drawn
randomly from eight complete decks. There were small positive
expectations in only two instances out of 58. Once The Player bid a
3.2% edge and once The Banker had a 0.1 Wo edge. We next proved, by
arguments too lengthy and intricate to give here, that the probability
distributions describing the conditional expectations of The Banker
and The Player spread out as the number of unplayed cards decreases.
Thus there are fewer advan-tageous bets of each type, and they are
less advantageous, as the number of unplayed cards increases above 13.
The converse occurs as the number of unplayed cards decreased below
13. The observed practical minimum ranged from eight to 17 in one
casino and from 20 up in another. The theoretical minimum, when no
cards are burned, is six. Thus the results for 13 unplayed cards seem
to conclusively demonstrate that no practical win-ning strategy is
possible for the Tremmersdorf game, even with a Com=ACputing machine playing a
perfect game.
To see why, consider the accompanying Table 3-2 (pp. 34-35), based on
Table 2 of Walden's thesis.